Overview
The GenAI Infrastructure and Solutions team is building large-scale GenAI training infrastructure, LLM-based solutions and tools. We provide the infrastructure for teams in CoreAI and other Microsoft Groups to fine-tune LLMs and serve agentic workload for their own scenarios. 

 

As a Software Engineer II, you will work on the infrastructure and tools to support large scale model fine-tuning, evaluation, and inference. 

Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate to empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond. 

In alignment with our Microsoft values, we are committed to cultivating an inclusive work environment for all employees to positively impact our culture every day. 



Responsibilities
As a team member of our team, you will participate in developing innovative solutions across AI Platform. Responsibilities include the following.   

 

Collaborate with senior engineers and researchers to build and optimize training infrastructure and tools for LLMs, SLMs, multimodal, and code-specific models.  

Design, build and improve the services with high scalability and reliability.  

Contribute to the deployment and monitoring of services in production environments. 

Participate in the efforts to deliver and improve engineering systems and practices to ensure service quality in complex cloud environments.  



Qualifications
Required Qualifications: 

Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related technical field AND 2+ years technical engineering experience with coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, or Python OR equivalent experience. 
 
Other Requirements:  
Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: 
Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. 
 
Preferred Qualifications:

2+ years of software development experience in C#, C++, Python, or similar languages.  
1+ year of experience with containerization tools (e.g., Docker, Kubernetes). 
Familiarity with production ML systems and concepts like model serving, caching, batching, and monitoring. 
2+ years designing, developing, and shipping high quality software. 
1+ years of experience with distributed systems and cloud-based infrastructure. 
1+ year of experience with DevOps practices (CI/CD, automated testing, deployment, etc.).  
