The Strokes are an American rock band formed in New York City in 1998.
The band is composed of lead singer and primary songwriter Julian Casablancas, guitarists Nick Valensi and Albert Hammond Jr., bassist Nikolai Fraiture, and drummer Fabrizio Moretti.
They were a leading group of the early-2000s garage rock revival and post-punk revival movements.
The release of their debut EP The Modern Age in early 2001 sparked a bidding war among minor labels, with the band eventually signing to RCA Records.
That summer, they released their debut album, Is This It, to widespread critical acclaim and strong sales.
It has since appeared on numerous "greatest albums" lists.
It was followed by Room on Fire (2003) and First Impressions of Earth (2005), both of which sold well but failed to match Is This It in immediate critical success, despite positive reviews nonetheless.
Following a five-year hiatus, they released Angles (2011) and Comedown Machine (2013) to generally positive receptions but dwindling sales.
Following the end of their initial contract with RCA, they released the Future Present Past EP (2016) through Casablancas' label Cult.
The band were relatively inactive throughout the rest of the decade, making infrequent live appearances and directing most media attention to individual projects.
In 2020, they released their first studio album in seven years, The New Abnormal, produced by Rick Rubin and released through Cult and RCA.
The album received highly positive reviews and was considered a return to form by critics.
It went on to win Best Rock Album at the 63rd Annual Grammy Awards.
== History ==   === Formation and The Modern Age EP (1998–2001) ===  Lead singer-songwriter Julian Casablancas, guitarist Nick Valensi, and drummer Fabrizio Moretti started playing together as teenagers while all of them were attending Dwight School in Manhattan, and formed an informal band in 1997.
They later added bassist Nikolai Fraiture to their ranks, a close childhood friend of Casablancas who had attended the Lycée Français de New York with him.
At the end of 1998, the group invited guitarist Albert Hammond, Jr.
He had just moved to New York City and reconnected with Casablancas, whom he knew from their brief stints at the private boarding school Institut Le Rosey, near Nyon, Switzerland.
At this point, he was the last member to join the band.
The two soon became roommates not long after reconnecting, with Hammond remarking that "two weeks later, we were sharing a flat." In the following two years, the band practiced and performed tirelessly in New York City.
Many of their contemporaries have credited the band's earliest successes to their dedication and hustle, as well as their engaging personalities.
They practiced most nights, with many rehearsals taking place in The Music Building in Midtown Manhattan.
They played their first show as the Strokes on September 14, 1999, at The Spiral.
They soon frequented Manhattan's rock clubs including HiFi Bar and the Luna Lounge on the Lower East Side of New York, and later Manhattan's popular Mercury Lounge.
A young booker for the Mercury Lounge, Ryan Gentles, eventually quit his job to become the band's manager.
The band began rehearsing a 14-song set (an early blueprint of the Strokes' 2001 debut, Is This It), including "Alone, Together", "Barely Legal", "Last Nite", "The Modern Age", "New York City Cops", "Soma", "Someday", "Take It or Leave It", and "This Life" (an early version of "Trying Your Luck").
Most of these songs now feature different lyrics.
The band connected with producer Gordon Raphael in 2000 following a show at Luna Lounge and made a demo, The Modern Age EP, with him.
The band sent the demo to the newly reformed Rough Trade Records in the UK, sparking interest there, and leading to their first release (via the website of the UK magazine, NME, who gave away a free MP3 download of "Last Nite" a week prior to the physical release as part of The Modern Age EP in 2001).
The EP sparked a bidding war among record labels, the largest for a rock band in years.
In August 2001, the Strokes made their first appearance on the cover of the publication The Fader in its ninth issue.
=== Is This It  (2001–2002) ===  The Strokes released their debut album, Is This It, in Australia in July 2001, and in Japan and the UK in August 2001 before the release of a subsequent US version in October 2001.
The Australia, Japan and UK dates coincided with promotional tours in the respective countries.
These included the Reading and Leeds Festivals at which the band were moved up the billing twice due to rapidly growing interest, shifted from being due to play on a tented stage to a slot on the main stage, that attracted their largest audiences up to this point.
The album was produced by Gordon Raphael, as was their follow-up album Room On Fire.
RCA Records delayed the North American (US) release over concerns with the album's cover and lyrics.
The internationally released cover features a black-and-white photo of a gloved hand on a woman's naked backside, shown in semi-profile (photographer Colin Lane's then-girlfriend) while the North American version replaced it with a photo of particle collisions in the Big European Bubble Chamber.
RCA replaced the track "New York City Cops" with "When It Started", as the former featured potentially inflammatory lyrics in the wake of the September 11 attacks.
The track "New York City Cops"—featuring the refrain, "New York City Cops, they ain't too smart"—was listed as No.
12 on New York magazine's "Ultimate New York Playlist" on March 1, 2010.
Despite its delayed release (and the potential controversy), Is This It received critical acclaim—among other accolades, four stars from Rolling Stone, and a 9.1 from Pitchfork Media.
The album made many critics' top-ten lists, was named the best album of the year by Entertainment Weekly and Time, and (in an article previewing summer concerts) NME urged readers to attend The Strokes' shows—as they were touring some of the "best pop songs ever".
While critics noted the influence of CBGB stalwarts Television, Casablancas and bandmates said they had never heard the band, instead citing the Velvet Underground and the Doors as reference points.
After the release of Is This It, the band toured around the world—including Japan, Australia, New Zealand, Europe, and North America (the band opened for the Rolling Stones on numerous occasions during the North American leg of their tour).
The self-made mini-documentary "In Transit" was filmed during the summer tour of Europe.
In August 2002, the band headlined the UK's Carling Weekend festivals for the second time, subsequently playing at New York's Radio City Music Hall on a bill with the White Stripes.
Jack White joined The Strokes on stage to perform the guitar solo on "New York City Cops".
During that period, the band also appeared as musical guests on numerous late-night talk shows.
Is This It yielded several singles and music videos, all of which were directed by Roman Coppola.
Is This It has had an enduring impact on fans and critics alike.
In 2009, NME named Is This It as the Greatest Album of the Decade (2000s).
The album placed second on a similar list compiled by Rolling Stone (the same issue featured a list of the '100 Best Songs of the 00s', featuring "Hard to Explain" and "Last Nite"  at Nos.
In January 2011, Rolling Stone surveyed their Facebook fans to determine the top ten debut albums of all time.
Is This It came in at number ten and was also the most recent behind Pearl Jam's 1991 debut.
=== Room on Fire (2003–2004) ===  The group began recording their follow-up in 2002 with producer Nigel Godrich (best known for his work with Radiohead), but later split with him in favor of Gordon Raphael, the producer of Is This It.
Recordings with Godrich were never revealed.
In August 2003, the band toured Japan, playing a couple of the upcoming songs: "Reptilia", "Meet Me in the Bathroom", "The Way It Is", "Between Love & Hate" (formerly known as "Ze Newie") and "12:51" (formerly known as "Supernova").
The band also played Paul Anka's "My Way" with Japanese lyrics.
The Strokes released their second album Room on Fire in October 2003.
It received praise from critics but was less commercially successful, although it still went gold.
The album's sound maintained The Strokes' familiar reference points, while also evoking groups such as the Cars, Bob Marley, and Blondie.
In the process, they made the cover of Spin Magazine for the second time, with each member receiving his own cover.
They also made the cover of Rolling Stone for the first time.
Additional media coverage of the band came from the relationship between Moretti and actress Drew Barrymore, which ended in January 2007.
The first single taken from Room on Fire was the song "12:51", which used distinct keyboard-like sounds produced by Valensi's guitar.
The video was also directed by Roman Coppola, and was inspired by the futuristic look of the 1980s film Tron.
This consisted of a mainly black scene, with instances of glowing picton blue and riptide.
In November 2003, The Strokes played on Late Night with Conan O'Brien, performing "Reptilia", "What Ever Happened", "Under Control" and "I Can't Win".
During the 2003–2004 "Room on Fire Tour", the band were supported by Kings of Leon and Regina Spektor.
While on tour, Spektor and The Strokes recorded the song "Modern Girls & Old Fashion Men", released as a B-side on the "Reptilia" single.
Also during the tour, the band included the Clash's "Clampdown" as a cover, which was released as the B-side for "The End Has No End".
In late 2004, The Strokes revealed plans to release a live album.
The Live in London LP was planned for release in October 2004, but was abandoned, reportedly due to recording quality problems.
The chosen gig was one held at the legendary Alexandra Palace in North London.
=== First Impressions of Earth and hiatus (2005–2007) ===  In late September 2005, "Juicebox", the first single from The Strokes' then unreleased third album, was leaked online, forcing the single's release date to be advanced.
The single was then released as an exclusive on online download services.
"Juicebox" became The Strokes' second UK Top 10 hit, as well as their second US Modern Rock Top 10 success.
During November and December 2005 The Strokes did a promotional tour for the still unreleased album, which involved doing one-off shows in major cities around the world.
Their third album, First Impressions of Earth, was released on January 3, 2006.
It received mixed reviews and debuted at number four in the U.S.
and number one in the UK, the latter being a first for the band.
In Japan, it went gold within the first week of release.
It was also the most downloaded album for two weeks on iTunes.
Fraiture claimed that the album was "like a scientific breakthrough".
In January 2006, the band then made their second appearance on Saturday Night Live playing "Juicebox" and "You Only Live Once".
The album was somewhat a departure from the band's two previous albums.
One reason for this was a switch of producers from Gordon Raphael to David Kahne.
Despite its initial strong sales, First Impressions of Earth received the worst reception, both commercially and critically, of all their albums.
In 2006, the band played eighteen sold-out shows during their UK tour.
In February 2006, The Strokes won "Best International Band" at the NME Awards.
The second single off First Impressions of Earth, "Heart in a Cage", was released in March 2006.
During the summer of 2006, The Strokes played several festival dates in Europe, including the Hultsfred Festival in Sweden, Roskilde Festival in Denmark, the Oxegen Festival in Ireland, the Montreux Jazz Festival in Switzerland, the FIB (Festival Internacional de Benicàssim), Fuji Rock Festival and headlined the Pentaport Rock Festival in South Korea.
They then toured Australia and Mexico in late August and early September, followed by the second leg of the United States tour.
While in the U.S., The Strokes opened for Tom Petty & the Heartbreakers for five shows during their Highway Companion tour.
The Strokes went on to complete another US tour.
During this final tour, Casablancas stated to fans that the band would be taking an extensive break after it finished.
An e-mail was sent out soon afterwards by Strokes manager Ryan Gentles, confirming that "much needed break".
A new band website went online in May 2007 along with the release of an alternate video to their single "You Only Live Once" directed by Warren Fu.
The video also featured a brief interlude with "Ize of the World", also from First Impressions of Earth.
The song "You Talk Way Too Much" was used in a commercial for the Ford Sync.
Aleksandra Cisneros became The Strokes' assistant manager in late 2007.
=== Angles (2009–2011) ===  The Strokes frontman Julian Casablancas and guitarist Nick Valensi started writing material for the album in January 2009, intent on entering the studio that February.
Julian commented in Rolling Stone that they had completed about three songs that sounded like a mixture of 1970s rock and "music from the future".
On March 31, 2009, the band made an announcement from their MySpace account that announced the end of their "much needed hibernation period" and the commencement of new writing and rehearsing for a fourth full-length album, entitled Angles.
This album would be different from the first three due to the fact that the music for the album would also be written by the other four Strokes, rather than Casablancas writing a majority share of the material once again: "It's supercollaborative, and it sounds different," said Valensi, "but it has a Strokes vibe to it." In an NME article, Pharrell Williams expressed interest in producing this upcoming album.
This followed the news that Casablancas had collaborated with both Williams and Santigold on "My Drive Thru", a track commemorating the 100th anniversary of Converse's Chuck Taylor All-Stars shoe.
The song was available as a free download from the official Converse website.
The album was due to be released in late 2009, but disagreements about just how ready the songs were to be released forced The Strokes to move the actual release date back.
On February 1, 2010, The Strokes announced on their website that the recording of the fourth album was being helmed by award-winning producer Joe Chiccarelli.
According to Chiccarelli in an interview with HitQuarters, the two parties first met in 2009 and, after finding they shared a similar mind space and similar thoughts on the potential direction of the new record, tried out some tracking.
Not long after recording began, however, the band became frustrated with Chiccarelli's reserved production style.
Only one song from these recording sessions, "Life Is Simple in the Moonlight", remained on the album's track listing.
Inspired, in part, by other contemporary bands like MGMT, Arctic Monkeys, and Crystal Castles, The Strokes decided to experiment with various production techniques, and recorded the rest of the album's material at Albert Hammond Jr.'s home studio in upstate New York with award-winning engineer Gus Oberg.
The Strokes confirmed that they would be headlining the Isle of Wight Festival, Lollapalooza, Roskilde Festival, Hurricane Festival, Splendour in the Grass, Rockness, Outside Lands Music and Arts Festival, On The Bright Side, and Austin City Limits Music Festival in 2010.
Additionally, The Strokes were announced as the 2011 headliner for the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival and the New Orleans Jazz & Heritage Festival in May, Festival Internacional de Benicàssim, Oxegen, Paléo, Peace & Love and Super Bock Super Rock in July, and Reading Festival and Summer Sonic in August.
They were also sub-headliners to Pulp at Leeds Festival during the bank holiday weekend in August.
On June 9, 2010, at Dingwalls London, England, the band played a secret show under the name 'Venison' to a crowd of just 487.
This was their first live gig since October 2006.
The lead single from the new album, "Under Cover of Darkness", was released on February 9, 2011.
The 7" was officially released on March 1, 2011, and contained another track from Angles, "You're So Right", as the B-side, followed by the album on March 18, 2011.In mid-March 2011, an interview with ShortList magazine revealed that The Strokes had already begun working on their fifth studio album.
However, sessions were delayed due to the mixing process of Angles.
Julian Casablancas and Nick Valensi both confirmed that there was material in the works as well as plenty of leftover material.
Frontman Julian Casablancas claimed that the band was eager to begin working on new material and were already supposed to, but it took longer than expected to master Angles.
"Taken for a Fool" was confirmed as the second single, which was sent to U.S.
On June 9, The Strokes announced that a music video for "Taken For a Fool" was in the works, and that it would be directed by Laurent Briet.
They revealed that the music video should be finished by the end of the month.
The Strokes put out the music video for "Taken For a Fool" on July 8, 2011.
=== Comedown Machine (2012−2015) ===  In April 2012, bassist Nikolai Fraiture posted a tweet announcing that the band was heading into the studio to work on some new ideas.
The Strokes later revealed that they were planning to record a new album as soon as possible.
Fraiture added that the band would record their fifth album in the same manner as they put together Angles, with each member bringing in his own ideas and putting them together in the studio.
On January 17, 2013, Seattle alternative radio station 107.7 The End posted on their Facebook page that they were previewing a new song by The Strokes entitled "All the Time".
It was later confirmed that "All the Time" would be the lead single from the untitled fifth album.
On January 25, 2013, the song "One Way Trigger" was published on their official website, and made available for free download.
The song was initially met with a mixed reaction from fans of the band.
On January 28, a Reddit user discovered what he correctly assumed to be the new album cover within the subpages of the band's official website, which led to a widespread rumor that the new album would be titled Comedown Machine.
On January 30, the title for the fifth album was revealed to be Comedown Machine, set to be released on March 26 in the U.S.
On February 13, 2013, the first single from the band's fifth album premiered on the radio, named "All the Time".
The single was released for download on February 19, and was described as a return to the classic Strokes sound of first albums Is This It and Room on Fire.
The album was released on March 25, 2013, in the UK and March 26 in the United States.
The band decided to pull a media blackout with the album: no promotion in the form of TV appearances, interviews, photos, shows, or tours.
On October 15, 2013, the band revealed that they were looking to "return to the scene" in 2014.
In May 2014, The Strokes performed their first U.S.
show in three years at the Capitol Theatre in Port Chester, New York, performing songs from Comedown Machine for the first time.
The band played at three other shows in 2014, including two headlining slots at Governors Ball Music Festival in New York City and FYF Fest in Los Angeles.
On November 12, 2014, it was announced the band would headline Primavera Sound in 2015 for the festival's 15th anniversary.
On March 2, 2015, the band announced their second 2015 European festival headline appearance would be at London's annual British Summer Time: Hyde Park festival on June 18, 2015, the band's first London show in five years.
The announcement takes the band's number of appearances slated for 2015 up to six, with them also playing Big Guava Music Festival in Tampa, Florida, Shaky Knees Festival in Atlanta, Georgia, Landmark Festival in Washington, D.C., and Austin City Limits in Austin, Texas, as well as the previously announced Primavera Sound 15th Anniversary.
During their performance at Landmark Music Festival lead singer Julian Casablancas stated that the band was back in the studio working on a follow-up to their 2013 album Comedown Machine.
In late 2015, The Strokes announced another date; at Monterrey, Mexico, during the festivities of the newborn festival Live Out.
=== Future Present Past EP (2016–2017) ===  The Strokes played their first show of 2016 at Samsung's Galaxy Life Fest in Austin, Texas.
On May 24, 2016, The Strokes announced another New York show on May 31 at the Capitol Theatre.
On May 26, 2016, Julian Casablancas premiered "OBLIVIUS" on the debut of his monthly radio show Culture Void on Sirius XMU.
Cult Records announced the release of Future Present Past, a four-song EP by The Strokes, in addition to the exclusive signing of the band to its roster.
The EP includes three original songs ("Drag Queen", "OBLIVIUS", and "Threat of Joy"), along with an additional remix of "OBLIVIUS" by drummer, Fab Moretti.
The EP was released on June 3, in both digital and physical formats to coincide with the band's headlining performance at Governors Ball Music Festival in New York City.
"Future Present Past" was recorded over the past year in Austin and New York with the help of producer, Gus Oberg.
The band played at the Splendour in the Grass festival in Byron Bay, New South Wales, Australia on July 22, 2016.
They followed this performance with the inaugural City of Angels Benefit concert in Los Angeles to support charities such as Waste Not Want Not Now, the Center in Hollywood, and the Downtown's Women's Center on July 25, 2016.
The band performed a series of festival dates taking place throughout early 2017.
Festival dates include performances in Estéreo Picnic Festival as well as Lollapalooza Brasil, Lollapalooza Chile, and Lollapalooza Argentina.
The band's first live performance of the year took place headlining the Estéreo Picnic Festival.
The crowd in attendance of their Argentina show was reportedly 90,000 people.
After the Lollapalooza Argentina show, it was revealed that their headlining slot at the festival was, to this day, their "biggest show ever" by Fraiture on social media.
=== The New Abnormal (2019–present) ===  In October 2016, guitarist Valensi indicated that the band were "slowly but surely working on an album, we're kind of just in writing sessions".
said The Strokes are working with Rick Rubin.
took to Twitter to clarify that "we met and played a few music ideas for Rick to feel out a vibe but even a theoretical album plan would be years away, if at all".
He also tweeted, "Sorry everyone we are not in the studio recording" and that there were "a lot of unknowns and nothing worth speaking about at this time." In May 2019, the band performed for the first time in over two years at a benefit show in Los Angeles.
At this venue, the band debuted a new song entitled "The Adults Are Talking".
The show kicked off the band's "global comeback" tour.
However, this tour was met with many obstacles early on, from sound issues to rained-out shows to entire festivals being cancelled.
During the band's 2019 New Year's Eve show in Brooklyn, Casablancas announced that the band's sixth studio album would be released sometime in 2020.
At the show, they also debuted a new song, titled "Ode to the Mets".
On February 10, 2020, the band performed at a rally for presidential candidate Bernie Sanders at the University of New Hampshire.
At this performance, Casablancas formally announced the band's sixth studio album and that the title would be The New Abnormal.
He confirmed the release date of the album to be April 10 of that year.
The band reportedly played two new songs at this show.
On February 11, the band released a new song, "At the Door", the first single off of their sixth studio album.
Two more singles followed, "Bad Decisions", and "Brooklyn Bridge to Chorus".
Their sixth studio album, The New Abnormal, was released worldwide on April 10, 2020.
On October 24, the band was confirmed for their fourth appearance as the musical guest for the October 31 episode of Saturday Night Live with John Mulaney hosting, where they performed "The Adults are Talking" and "Bad Decisions" from The New Abnormal.
On June 21, 2021, the band shared a video in support of New York City mayoral candidate Maya Wiley featuring a clip of a new song "Starting Again" co-written with Gregg Alexander.
Throughout 2022, the band were as present as ever in touring, including headlining at Lollapalooza dates in Brazil, Chile, and Argentina, as well as other high-profile music festivals in Europe.
On June 17, 2022, the band performed a benefit concert in support of Chicago-based congressional candidate Kina Collins.
That summer, they toured as an opening act on the Red Hot Chili Peppers 2022 Global Stadium Tour.
In October 2022, Rubin revealed he'd been recording a new album with The Strokes in Costa Rica.
As of January 2025, there has been no update on that album, with Casablancas in particular focusing more on his experimental music with The Voidz, remarking that with the Strokes "Some of my dreams were kind of shattered a little bit along the way within that." On March 8, 2024, the band performed their second benefit concert in support of Collins' third congressional bid.
== Musical style == The band's sound has been described as indie rock, garage rock revival, and post-punk revival by media outlets.
The band also incorporated new wave and synth-pop on later records like Angles and The New Abnormal.
Casablancas has cited the Doors as an inspiration for him to start a music career, and Lou Reed of the Velvet Underground as a major influence on his lyrics and singing style: "The way Lou Reed wrote and sang about drugs and sex, about the people around him – it was so matter-of-fact," Casablancas stated in a Rolling Stone interview, "Reed could be romantic in the way he portrayed these crazy situations, but he was also intensely real.
It was poetry and journalism." Additionally, he has stated that Bob Marley, Nirvana and Pearl Jam are major influences on his work, the latter being the reason that he started making music after hearing the song "Yellow Ledbetter".
== Legacy and influence == The Strokes' debut album Is This It was named number one album of the year by NME and number two by Rolling Stone; it earned The Strokes tremendous respect across various artists in the alternative music scene.
The lead singer of LCD Soundsystem, James Murphy, has said, "Is This It was my record of the decade." The album won Best International Album in 2002, nominated by NME, and the ASCAP College Vanguard Award.
Brandon Flowers of the Killers told NME that he felt "depressed" after hearing The Strokes' album Is This It.
"That record just sounded so perfect", he said.
"We threw away everything [we were working on] and the only song that made the cut and remained was "Mr.
The Strokes have been said to be, "as influential to their era as the Velvet Underground or the Ramones were to theirs", by Lizzy Goodman in her book on the New York City music scene, claiming that, "almost every artist I interviewed for this book – from all over the world – said it was The Strokes that opened the door for them." The band was named Band of the Year in 2002 by Spin and have heavily influenced bands like the Killers, Arctic Monkeys, and Franz Ferdinand.
Alex Turner, lead singer of Arctic Monkeys, sang "I just wanted to be one of The Strokes" in their 2018 song 'Star Treatment'.
Other bands that have cited the Strokes as an influence include Wet Leg and We Are Scientists.
== Band members == Julian Casablancas – lead vocals (1998–present); drums (2005), keyboards (2009–present) Nick Valensi – lead and rhythm guitars, backing vocals (1998–present); keyboards (2005–present) Fabrizio Moretti – drums, percussion (1998–present); keyboards (2009–present) Nikolai Fraiture – bass (1998–present); keyboards (2009–present) Albert Hammond Jr.
– rhythm and lead guitars, backing vocals (1999–present); keyboards (2009–present)   == Discography ==  Is This It (2001) Room on Fire (2003) First Impressions of Earth (2005) Angles (2011) Comedown Machine (2013) The New Abnormal (2020)   == Awards and nominations ==  The Strokes 2020 LP The New Abnormal won Best Rock Album at the 63rd Annual Grammy Awards.
== References ==   == External links ==  Official website
In machine learning, deep learning focuses on utilizing multilayered neural networks to perform tasks such as classification, regression, and representation learning.
The field takes inspiration from biological neuroscience and is centered around stacking artificial neurons into layers and "training" them to process data.
The adjective "deep" refers to the use of multiple layers (ranging from three to several hundred or thousands) in the network.
Methods used can be supervised, semi-supervised or unsupervised.
Some common deep learning network architectures include fully connected networks, deep belief networks, recurrent neural networks, convolutional neural networks, generative adversarial networks, transformers, and neural radiance fields.
These architectures have been applied to fields including computer vision, speech recognition, natural language processing, machine translation, bioinformatics, drug design, medical image analysis, climate science, material inspection and board game programs, where they have produced results comparable to and in some cases surpassing human expert performance.
Early forms of neural networks were inspired by information processing and distributed communication nodes in biological systems, particularly the human brain.
However, current neural networks do not intend to model the brain function of organisms, and are generally seen as low-quality models for that purpose.
== Overview == Most modern deep learning models are based on multi-layered neural networks such as convolutional neural networks and transformers, although they can also include propositional formulas or latent variables organized layer-wise in deep generative models such as the nodes in deep belief networks and deep Boltzmann machines.
Fundamentally, deep learning refers to a class of machine learning algorithms in which a hierarchy of layers is used to transform input data into a progressively more abstract and composite representation.
For example, in an image recognition model, the raw input may be an image (represented as a tensor of pixels).
The first representational layer may attempt to identify basic shapes such as lines and circles, the second layer may compose and encode arrangements of edges, the third layer may encode a nose and eyes, and the fourth layer may recognize that the image contains a face.
Importantly, a deep learning process can learn which features to optimally place at which level on its own.
Prior to deep learning, machine learning techniques often involved hand-crafted feature engineering to transform the data into a more suitable representation for a classification algorithm to operate on.
In the deep learning approach, features are not hand-crafted and the model discovers useful feature representations from the data automatically.
This does not eliminate the need for hand-tuning; for example, varying numbers of layers and layer sizes can provide different degrees of abstraction.
The word "deep" in "deep learning" refers to the number of layers through which the data is transformed.
More precisely, deep learning systems have a substantial credit assignment path (CAP) depth.
The CAP is the chain of transformations from input to output.
CAPs describe potentially causal connections between input and output.
For a feedforward neural network, the depth of the CAPs is that of the network and is the number of hidden layers plus one (as the output layer is also parameterized).
For recurrent neural networks, in which a signal may propagate through a layer more than once, the CAP depth is potentially unlimited.
No universally agreed-upon threshold of depth divides shallow learning from deep learning, but most researchers agree that deep learning involves CAP depth higher than two.
CAP of depth two has been shown to be a universal approximator in the sense that it can emulate any function.
Beyond that, more layers do not add to the function approximator ability of the network.
Deep models (CAP > two) are able to extract better features than shallow models and hence, extra layers help in learning the features effectively.
Deep learning architectures can be constructed with a greedy layer-by-layer method.
Deep learning helps to disentangle these abstractions and pick out which features improve performance.
Deep learning algorithms can be applied to unsupervised learning tasks.
This is an important benefit because unlabeled data is more abundant than the labeled data.
Examples of deep structures that can be trained in an unsupervised manner are deep belief networks.
The term deep learning was introduced to the machine learning community by Rina Dechter in 1986, and to artificial neural networks by Igor Aizenberg and colleagues in 2000, in the context of Boolean threshold neurons.
Although the history of its appearance is apparently more complicated.
== Interpretations == Deep neural networks are generally interpreted in terms of the universal approximation theorem or probabilistic inference.
The classic universal approximation theorem concerns the capacity of feedforward neural networks with a single hidden layer of finite size to approximate continuous functions.
In 1989, the first proof was published by George Cybenko for sigmoid activation functions and was generalised to feed-forward multi-layer architectures in 1991 by Kurt Hornik.
Recent work also showed that universal approximation also holds for non-bounded activation functions such as Kunihiko Fukushima's rectified linear unit.
The universal approximation theorem for deep neural networks concerns the capacity of networks with bounded width but the depth is allowed to grow.
proved that if the width of a deep neural network with ReLU activation is strictly larger than the input dimension, then the network can approximate any Lebesgue integrable function; if the width is smaller or equal to the input dimension, then a deep neural network is not a universal approximator.
The probabilistic interpretation derives from the field of machine learning.
It features inference, as well as the optimization concepts of training and testing, related to fitting and generalization, respectively.
More specifically, the probabilistic interpretation considers the activation nonlinearity as a cumulative distribution function.
The probabilistic interpretation led to the introduction of dropout as regularizer in neural networks.
The probabilistic interpretation was introduced by researchers including Hopfield, Widrow and Narendra and popularized in surveys such as the one by Bishop.
== History ==   === Before 1980 === There are two types of artificial neural network (ANN): feedforward neural network (FNN) or multilayer perceptron (MLP) and recurrent neural networks (RNN).
RNNs have cycles in their connectivity structure, FNNs don't.
In the 1920s, Wilhelm Lenz and Ernst Ising created the Ising model which is essentially a non-learning RNN architecture consisting of neuron-like threshold elements.
In 1972, Shun'ichi Amari made this architecture adaptive.
His learning RNN was republished by John Hopfield in 1982.
Other early recurrent neural networks were published by Kaoru Nakano in 1971.
Already in 1948, Alan Turing produced work on "Intelligent Machinery"  that was not published in his lifetime, containing "ideas related to artificial evolution and learning RNNs".
Frank Rosenblatt (1958) proposed the perceptron, an MLP with 3 layers: an input layer, a hidden layer with randomized weights that did not learn, and an output layer.
He later published a 1962 book that also introduced variants and computer experiments, including a version with four-layer perceptrons "with adaptive preterminal networks" where the last two layers have learned weights (here he credits H.
Joseph (1960) "functionally equivalent to a variation of" this four-layer system (the book mentions Joseph over 30 times).
Should Joseph therefore be considered the originator of proper adaptive multilayer perceptrons with learning hidden units?
Unfortunately, the learning algorithm was not a functional one, and fell into oblivion.
The first working deep learning algorithm was the Group method of data handling, a method to train arbitrarily deep neural networks, published by Alexey Ivakhnenko and Lapa in 1965.
They regarded it as a form of polynomial regression, or a generalization of Rosenblatt's perceptron to handle more complex, nonlinear, and hierarchical relationships.
A 1971 paper described a deep network with eight layers trained by this method, which is based on layer by layer training through regression analysis.
Superfluous hidden units are pruned using a separate validation set.
Since the activation functions of the nodes are Kolmogorov-Gabor polynomials, these were also the first deep networks with multiplicative units or "gates".
The first deep learning multilayer perceptron trained by stochastic gradient descent was published in 1967 by Shun'ichi Amari.
In computer experiments conducted by Amari's student Saito, a five layer MLP with two modifiable layers learned  internal representations to classify non-linearily separable pattern classes.
Subsequent developments in hardware and hyperparameter tunings have made end-to-end stochastic gradient descent the currently dominant training technique.
In 1969, Kunihiko Fukushima introduced the ReLU (rectified linear unit) activation function.
The rectifier has become the most popular activation function for deep learning.
Deep learning architectures for convolutional neural networks (CNNs) with convolutional layers and downsampling layers began with the Neocognitron introduced by Kunihiko Fukushima in 1979, though not trained by backpropagation.
Backpropagation is an efficient application of the chain rule derived by Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz in 1673 to networks of differentiable nodes.
The terminology "back-propagating errors" was actually introduced in 1962 by Rosenblatt, but he did not know how to implement this, although Henry J.
Kelley had a continuous precursor of backpropagation in 1960 in the context of control theory.
The modern form of backpropagation was first published in Seppo Linnainmaa's master thesis (1970).
Paul Werbos applied backpropagation to neural networks in 1982 (his 1974 PhD thesis, reprinted in a 1994 book, did not yet describe the algorithm).
popularised backpropagation but did not cite the original work.
=== 1980s-2000s === The time delay neural network (TDNN) was introduced in 1987 by Alex Waibel to apply CNN to phoneme recognition.
It used convolutions, weight sharing, and backpropagation.
In 1988, Wei Zhang applied a backpropagation-trained CNN to alphabet recognition.
created a CNN called LeNet for recognizing handwritten ZIP codes on mail.
In 1990, Wei Zhang implemented a CNN on optical computing hardware.
In 1991, a CNN was applied to medical image object segmentation and breast cancer detection in mammograms.
LeNet-5 (1998), a 7-level CNN by Yann LeCun et al., that classifies digits, was applied by several banks to recognize hand-written numbers on checks  digitized in 32x32 pixel images.
Recurrent neural networks (RNN) were further developed in the 1980s.
Recurrence is used for sequence processing, and when a recurrent network is unrolled, it mathematically resembles a deep feedforward layer.
Consequently, they have similar properties and issues, and their developments had mutual influences.
In RNN, two early influential works were the Jordan network (1986) and the Elman network (1990), which applied RNN to study problems in cognitive psychology.
In the 1980s, backpropagation did not work well for deep learning with long credit assignment paths.
To overcome this problem, in 1991, Jürgen Schmidhuber proposed a hierarchy of RNNs pre-trained one level at a time by self-supervised learning where each RNN tries to predict its own next input, which is the next unexpected input of the RNN below.
This "neural history compressor" uses predictive coding  to learn internal representations at multiple self-organizing time scales.
This can substantially facilitate downstream deep learning.
The RNN hierarchy can be collapsed into a single RNN, by  distilling a higher level chunker network into a lower level automatizer network.
In 1993, a neural history compressor solved a "Very Deep Learning" task that required more than 1000 subsequent layers in an RNN unfolded in time.
The "P" in ChatGPT refers to such pre-training.
Sepp Hochreiter's diploma thesis (1991) implemented the neural history compressor, and identified and analyzed the vanishing gradient problem.
Hochreiter proposed recurrent residual connections to solve the vanishing gradient problem.
This led to the long short-term memory (LSTM), published in 1995.
LSTM can learn "very deep learning" tasks with long credit assignment paths that require memories of events that happened thousands of discrete time steps before.
That LSTM was not yet the modern architecture, which required a "forget gate", introduced in 1999, which became the standard RNN architecture.
In 1991, Jürgen Schmidhuber also published adversarial neural networks that contest with each other in the form of a zero-sum game, where one network's gain is the other network's loss.
The first network is a generative model that models a probability distribution over output patterns.
The second network learns by gradient descent to predict the reactions of the environment to these patterns.
In 2014, this principle was used in generative adversarial networks (GANs).
During 1985–1995, inspired by statistical mechanics, several architectures and methods were developed by Terry Sejnowski, Peter Dayan, Geoffrey Hinton, etc., including the Boltzmann machine, restricted Boltzmann machine, Helmholtz machine, and the wake-sleep algorithm.
These were designed for unsupervised learning of deep generative models.
However, those were more computationally expensive compared to backpropagation.
Boltzmann machine learning algorithm, published in 1985, was briefly popular before being eclipsed by the backpropagation algorithm in 1986.
A 1988 network became state of the art in protein structure prediction, an early application of deep learning to bioinformatics.
Both shallow and deep learning (e.g., recurrent nets) of ANNs for speech recognition have been explored for many years.
These methods never outperformed non-uniform internal-handcrafting Gaussian mixture model/Hidden Markov model (GMM-HMM) technology based on generative models of speech trained discriminatively.
Key difficulties have been analyzed, including gradient diminishing and weak temporal correlation structure in neural predictive models.
Additional difficulties were the lack of training data and limited computing power.
Most speech recognition researchers moved away from neural nets to pursue generative modeling.
An exception was at SRI International in the late 1990s.
Funded by the US government's NSA and DARPA, SRI researched in speech and speaker recognition.
The speaker recognition team led by Larry Heck reported significant success with deep neural networks in speech processing in the 1998 NIST Speaker Recognition benchmark.
It was deployed in the Nuance Verifier, representing the first major industrial application of deep learning.
The principle of elevating "raw" features over hand-crafted optimization was first explored successfully in the architecture of deep autoencoder on the "raw" spectrogram or linear filter-bank features in the late 1990s, showing its superiority over the Mel-Cepstral features that contain stages of fixed transformation from spectrograms.
The raw features of speech, waveforms, later produced excellent larger-scale results.
=== 2000s === Neural networks entered a lull, and simpler models that use task-specific handcrafted features such as Gabor filters and support vector machines (SVMs) became the preferred choices in the 1990s and 2000s, because of artificial neural networks' computational cost and a lack of understanding of how the brain wires its biological networks.
In 2003, LSTM became competitive with traditional speech recognizers on certain tasks.
In 2006, Alex Graves, Santiago Fernández, Faustino Gomez, and Schmidhuber combined it with connectionist temporal classification (CTC) in stacks of LSTMs.
In 2009, it became the first RNN to win a pattern recognition contest, in connected handwriting recognition.
In 2006, publications by Geoff Hinton, Ruslan Salakhutdinov, Osindero and Teh deep belief networks were developed for generative modeling.
They are trained by training one restricted Boltzmann machine, then freezing it and training another one on top of the first one, and so on, then optionally fine-tuned using supervised backpropagation.
They could model high-dimensional probability distributions, such as the distribution of MNIST images, but convergence was slow.
The impact of deep learning in industry began in the early 2000s, when CNNs already processed an estimated 10% to 20% of all the checks written in the US, according to Yann LeCun.
Industrial applications of deep learning to large-scale speech recognition started around 2010.
The 2009 NIPS Workshop on Deep Learning for Speech Recognition was motivated by the limitations of deep generative models of speech, and the possibility that given more capable hardware and large-scale data sets that deep neural nets might become practical.
It was believed that pre-training DNNs using generative models of deep belief nets (DBN) would overcome the main difficulties of neural nets.
However, it was discovered that replacing pre-training with large amounts of training data for straightforward backpropagation when using DNNs with large, context-dependent output layers produced error rates dramatically lower than then-state-of-the-art Gaussian mixture model (GMM)/Hidden Markov Model (HMM) and also than more-advanced generative model-based systems.
The nature of the recognition errors produced by the two types of systems was characteristically different, offering technical insights into how to integrate deep learning into the existing highly efficient, run-time speech decoding system deployed by all major speech recognition systems.
Analysis around 2009–2010, contrasting the GMM (and other generative speech models) vs.
DNN models, stimulated early industrial investment in deep learning for speech recognition.
That analysis was done with comparable performance (less than 1.5% in error rate) between discriminative DNNs and generative models.
In 2010, researchers extended deep learning from TIMIT to large vocabulary speech recognition, by adopting large output layers of the DNN based on context-dependent HMM states constructed by decision trees.
=== Deep learning revolution ===  The deep learning revolution started around CNN- and GPU-based computer vision.
Although CNNs trained by backpropagation had been around for decades and GPU implementations of NNs for years, including CNNs, faster implementations of CNNs on GPUs were needed to progress on computer vision.
Later, as deep learning becomes widespread, specialized hardware and algorithm optimizations were developed specifically for deep learning.
A key advance for the deep learning revolution was hardware advances, especially GPU.
In 2009, Raina, Madhavan, and Andrew Ng reported a 100M deep belief network trained on 30 Nvidia GeForce GTX 280 GPUs, an early demonstration of GPU-based deep learning.
They reported up to 70 times faster training.
In 2011, a CNN named DanNet by Dan Ciresan, Ueli Meier, Jonathan Masci, Luca Maria Gambardella, and Jürgen Schmidhuber achieved for the first time superhuman performance in a visual pattern recognition contest, outperforming traditional methods by a factor of 3.
They also showed how max-pooling CNNs on GPU improved performance significantly.
In 2012, Andrew Ng and Jeff Dean created an FNN that learned to recognize higher-level concepts, such as cats, only from watching unlabeled images taken from YouTube videos.
In October 2012, AlexNet by Alex Krizhevsky, Ilya Sutskever, and Geoffrey Hinton won the large-scale ImageNet competition by a significant margin over shallow machine learning methods.
Further incremental improvements included the VGG-16 network by Karen Simonyan and Andrew Zisserman and Google's Inceptionv3.
The success in image classification was then extended to the more challenging task of generating descriptions (captions) for images, often as a combination of CNNs and LSTMs.
In 2014, the state of the art was training "very deep neural network" with 20 to 30 layers.
Stacking too many layers led to a steep reduction in training accuracy, known as the "degradation" problem.
In 2015, two techniques were developed to train very deep networks: the Highway Network was published in May 2015, and the residual neural network (ResNet) in Dec 2015.
ResNet behaves like an open-gated Highway Net.
Around the same time, deep learning started impacting the field of art.
Early examples included Google DeepDream (2015), and neural style transfer (2015), both of which were based on pretrained image classification neural networks, such as VGG-19.
Generative adversarial network (GAN) by (Ian Goodfellow et al., 2014) (based on  Jürgen Schmidhuber's principle of artificial curiosity) became state of the art in generative modeling during 2014-2018 period.
Excellent image quality is achieved by Nvidia's StyleGAN (2018) based on the Progressive GAN by Tero Karras et al.
Here the GAN generator is grown from small to large scale in a pyramidal fashion.
Image generation by GAN reached popular success, and provoked discussions concerning deepfakes.
Diffusion models (2015) eclipsed GANs in generative modeling since then, with systems such as DALL·E 2 (2022) and Stable Diffusion (2022).
In 2015, Google's speech recognition improved by 49% by an LSTM-based model, which they made available through Google Voice Search on smartphone.
Deep learning is part of state-of-the-art systems in various disciplines, particularly computer vision and automatic speech recognition (ASR).
Results on commonly used evaluation sets such as TIMIT (ASR) and MNIST (image classification), as well as a range of large-vocabulary speech recognition tasks have steadily improved.
Convolutional neural networks were superseded for ASR by LSTM.
but are more successful in computer vision.
Yoshua Bengio, Geoffrey Hinton and Yann LeCun were awarded the 2018 Turing Award for "conceptual and engineering breakthroughs that have made deep neural networks a critical component of computing".
== Neural networks ==  Artificial neural networks (ANNs) or connectionist systems are computing systems inspired by the biological neural networks that constitute animal brains.
Such systems learn (progressively improve their ability) to do tasks by considering examples, generally without task-specific programming.
For example, in image recognition, they might learn to identify images that contain cats by analyzing example images that have been manually labeled as "cat" or "no cat" and using the analytic results to identify cats in other images.
They have found most use in applications difficult to express with a traditional computer algorithm using rule-based programming.
An ANN is based on a collection of connected units called artificial neurons, (analogous to biological neurons in a biological brain).
Each connection (synapse) between neurons can transmit a signal to another neuron.
The receiving (postsynaptic) neuron can process the signal(s) and then signal downstream neurons connected to it.
Neurons may have state, generally represented by real numbers, typically between 0 and 1.
Neurons and synapses may also have a weight that varies as learning proceeds, which can increase or decrease the strength of the signal that it sends downstream.
Typically, neurons are organized in layers.
Different layers may perform different kinds of transformations on their inputs.
Signals travel from the first (input), to the last (output) layer, possibly after traversing the layers multiple times.
The original goal of the neural network approach was to solve problems in the same way that a human brain would.
Over time, attention focused on matching specific mental abilities, leading to deviations from biology such as backpropagation, or passing information in the reverse direction and adjusting the network to reflect that information.
Neural networks have been used on a variety of tasks, including computer vision, speech recognition, machine translation, social network filtering, playing board and video games and medical diagnosis.
As of 2017, neural networks typically have a few thousand to a few million units and millions of connections.
Despite this number being several order of magnitude less than the number of neurons on a human brain, these networks can perform many tasks at a level beyond that of humans (e.g., recognizing faces, or playing "Go").
=== Deep neural networks === A deep neural network (DNN) is an artificial neural network with multiple layers between the input and output layers.
There are different types of neural networks but they always consist of the same components: neurons, synapses, weights, biases, and functions.
These components as a whole function in a way that mimics functions of the human brain, and can be trained like any other ML algorithm.
For example, a DNN that is trained to recognize dog breeds will go over the given image and calculate the probability that the dog in the image is a certain breed.
The user can review the results and select which probabilities the network should display (above a certain threshold, etc.) and return the proposed label.
Each mathematical manipulation as such is considered a layer, and complex DNN have many layers, hence the name "deep" networks.
DNNs can model complex non-linear relationships.
DNN architectures generate compositional models where the object is expressed as a layered composition of primitives.
The extra layers enable composition of features from lower layers, potentially modeling complex data with fewer units than a similarly performing shallow network.
For instance, it was proved that sparse multivariate polynomials are exponentially easier to approximate with DNNs than with shallow networks.
Deep architectures include many variants of a few basic approaches.
Each architecture has found success in specific domains.
It is not always possible to compare the performance of multiple architectures, unless they have been evaluated on the same data sets.
DNNs are typically feedforward networks in which data flows from the input layer to the output layer without looping back.
At first, the DNN creates a map of virtual neurons and assigns random numerical values, or "weights", to connections between them.
The weights and inputs are multiplied and return an output between 0 and 1.
If the network did not accurately recognize a particular pattern, an algorithm would adjust the weights.
That way the algorithm can make certain parameters more influential, until it determines the correct mathematical manipulation to fully process the data.
Recurrent neural networks, in which data can flow in any direction, are used for applications such as language modeling.
Long short-term memory is particularly effective for this use.
Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) are used in computer vision.
CNNs also have been applied to acoustic modeling for automatic speech recognition (ASR).
==== Challenges ==== As with ANNs, many issues can arise with naively trained DNNs.
Two common issues are overfitting and computation time.
DNNs are prone to overfitting because of the added layers of abstraction, which allow them to model rare dependencies in the training data.
Regularization methods such as Ivakhnenko's unit pruning or weight decay (                                   ℓ                        2                                     {\displaystyle \ell _{2}}    -regularization) or sparsity (                                   ℓ                        1                                     {\displaystyle \ell _{1}}    -regularization) can be applied during training to combat overfitting.
Alternatively dropout regularization randomly omits units from the hidden layers during training.
Another interesting recent development is research into models of just enough complexity through an estimation of the intrinsic complexity of the task being modelled.
This approach has been successfully applied for multivariate time series prediction tasks such as traffic prediction.
Finally, data can be augmented via methods such as cropping and rotating such that smaller training sets can be increased in size to reduce the chances of overfitting.
DNNs must consider many training parameters, such as the size (number of layers and number of units per layer), the learning rate, and initial weights.
Sweeping through the parameter space for optimal parameters may not be feasible due to the cost in time and computational resources.
Various tricks, such as batching (computing the gradient on several training examples at once rather than individual examples) speed up computation.
Large processing capabilities of many-core architectures (such as GPUs or the Intel Xeon Phi) have produced significant speedups in training, because of the suitability of such processing architectures for the matrix and vector computations.
Alternatively, engineers may look for other types of neural networks with more straightforward and convergent training algorithms.
CMAC (cerebellar model articulation controller) is one such kind of neural network.
It doesn't require learning rates or randomized initial weights.
The training process can be guaranteed to converge in one step with a new batch of data, and the computational complexity of the training algorithm is linear with respect to the number of neurons involved.
== Hardware == Since the 2010s, advances in both machine learning algorithms and computer hardware have led to more efficient methods for training deep neural networks that contain many layers of non-linear hidden units and a very large output layer.
By 2019, graphics processing units (GPUs), often with AI-specific enhancements, had displaced CPUs as the dominant method for training large-scale commercial cloud AI .
OpenAI estimated the hardware computation used in the largest deep learning projects from AlexNet (2012) to AlphaZero (2017) and found a 300,000-fold increase in the amount of computation required, with a doubling-time trendline of 3.4 months.
Special electronic circuits called deep learning processors were designed to speed up deep learning algorithms.
Deep learning processors include neural processing units (NPUs) in Huawei cellphones and cloud computing servers such as tensor processing units (TPU) in the Google Cloud Platform.
Cerebras Systems has also built a dedicated system to handle large deep learning models, the CS-2, based on the largest processor in the industry, the second-generation Wafer Scale Engine (WSE-2).
Atomically thin semiconductors are considered promising for energy-efficient deep learning hardware where the same basic device structure is used for both logic operations and data storage.
published experiments with a large-area active channel material for developing logic-in-memory devices and circuits based on floating-gate field-effect transistors (FGFETs).
proposed an integrated photonic hardware accelerator for parallel convolutional processing.
The authors identify two key advantages of integrated photonics over its electronic counterparts: (1) massively parallel data transfer through wavelength division multiplexing in conjunction with frequency combs, and (2) extremely high data modulation speeds.
Their system can execute trillions of multiply-accumulate operations per second, indicating the potential of integrated photonics in data-heavy AI applications.
== Applications ==   === Automatic speech recognition ===  Large-scale automatic speech recognition is the first and most convincing successful case of deep learning.
LSTM RNNs can learn "Very Deep Learning" tasks that involve multi-second intervals containing speech events separated by thousands of discrete time steps, where one time step corresponds to about 10 ms.
LSTM with forget gates is competitive with traditional speech recognizers on certain tasks.
The initial success in speech recognition was based on small-scale recognition tasks based on TIMIT.
The data set contains 630 speakers from eight major dialects of American English, where each speaker reads 10 sentences.
Its small size lets many configurations be tried.
More importantly, the TIMIT task concerns phone-sequence recognition, which, unlike word-sequence recognition, allows weak phone bigram language models.
This lets the strength of the acoustic modeling aspects of speech recognition be more easily analyzed.
The error rates listed below, including these early results and measured as percent phone error rates (PER), have been summarized since 1991.
The debut of DNNs for speaker recognition in the late 1990s and speech recognition around 2009-2011 and of LSTM around 2003–2007, accelerated progress in eight major areas:  Scale-up/out and accelerated DNN training and decoding Sequence discriminative training Feature processing by deep models with solid understanding of the underlying mechanisms Adaptation of DNNs and related deep models Multi-task and transfer learning by DNNs and related deep models CNNs and how to design them to best exploit domain knowledge of speech RNN and its rich LSTM variants Other types of deep models including tensor-based models and integrated deep generative/discriminative models.
More recent speech recognition models use Transformers or Temporal Convolution Networks with significant success and widespread applications.
All major commercial speech recognition systems (e.g., Microsoft Cortana, Xbox, Skype Translator, Amazon Alexa, Google Now, Apple Siri, Baidu and iFlyTek voice search, and a range of Nuance speech products, etc.) are based on deep learning.
=== Image recognition ===  A common evaluation set for image classification is the MNIST database data set.
MNIST is composed of handwritten digits and includes 60,000 training examples and 10,000 test examples.
As with TIMIT, its small size lets users test multiple configurations.
A comprehensive list of results on this set is available.
Deep learning-based image recognition has become "superhuman", producing more accurate results than human contestants.
This first occurred in 2011 in recognition of traffic signs, and in 2014, with recognition of human faces.
Deep learning-trained vehicles now interpret 360° camera views.
Another example is Facial Dysmorphology Novel Analysis (FDNA) used to analyze cases of human malformation connected to a large database of genetic syndromes.
=== Visual art processing ===  Closely related to the progress that has been made in image recognition is the increasing application of deep learning techniques to various visual art tasks.
DNNs have proven themselves capable, for example, of  identifying the style period of a given painting Neural Style Transfer –  capturing the style of a given artwork and applying it in a visually pleasing manner to an arbitrary photograph or video generating striking imagery based on random visual input fields.
=== Natural language processing ===  Neural networks have been used for implementing language models since the early 2000s.
LSTM helped to improve machine translation and language modeling.
Other key techniques in this field are negative sampling and word embedding.
Word embedding, such as word2vec, can be thought of as a representational layer in a deep learning architecture that transforms an atomic word into a positional representation of the word relative to other words in the dataset; the position is represented as a point in a vector space.
Using word embedding as an RNN input layer allows the network to parse sentences and phrases using an effective compositional vector grammar.
A compositional vector grammar can be thought of as probabilistic context free grammar (PCFG) implemented by an RNN.
Recursive auto-encoders built atop word embeddings can assess sentence similarity and detect paraphrasing.
Deep neural architectures provide the best results for constituency parsing, sentiment analysis, information retrieval, spoken language understanding, machine translation, contextual entity linking, writing style recognition, named-entity recognition (token classification), text classification, and others.
Recent developments generalize word embedding to sentence embedding.
Google Translate (GT) uses a large end-to-end long short-term memory (LSTM) network.
Google Neural Machine Translation (GNMT) uses an example-based machine translation method in which the system "learns from millions of examples".
It translates "whole sentences at a time, rather than pieces".
Google Translate supports over one hundred languages.
The network encodes the "semantics of the sentence rather than simply memorizing phrase-to-phrase translations".
GT uses English as an intermediate between most language pairs.
=== Drug discovery and toxicology ===  A large percentage of candidate drugs fail to win regulatory approval.
These failures are caused by insufficient efficacy (on-target effect), undesired interactions (off-target effects), or unanticipated toxic effects.
Research has explored use of deep learning to predict the biomolecular targets, off-targets, and toxic effects of environmental chemicals in nutrients, household products and drugs.
AtomNet is a deep learning system for structure-based rational drug design.
AtomNet was used to predict novel candidate biomolecules for disease targets such as the Ebola virus and multiple sclerosis.
In 2017 graph neural networks were used for the first time to predict various properties of molecules in a large toxicology data set.
In 2019, generative neural networks were used to produce molecules that were validated experimentally all the way into mice.
=== Recommendation systems ===  Recommendation systems have used deep learning to extract meaningful features for a latent factor model for content-based music and journal recommendations.
Multi-view deep learning has been applied for learning user preferences from multiple domains.
The model uses a hybrid collaborative and content-based approach and enhances recommendations in multiple tasks.
=== Bioinformatics ===  An autoencoder ANN was used in bioinformatics, to predict gene ontology annotations and gene-function relationships.
In medical informatics, deep learning was used to predict sleep quality based on data from wearables and predictions of health complications from electronic health record data.
Deep neural networks have shown unparalleled performance in predicting protein structure, according to the sequence of the amino acids that make it up.
In 2020, AlphaFold, a deep-learning based system, achieved a level of accuracy significantly higher than all previous computational methods.
=== Deep Neural Network Estimations === Deep neural networks can be used to estimate the entropy of a stochastic process through an arrangement called a Neural Joint Entropy Estimator (NJEE).
Such an estimation provides insights on the effects of input random variables on an independent random variable.
Practically, the DNN is trained as a classifier that maps an input vector or matrix X to an output probability distribution over the possible classes of random variable Y, given input X.
For example, in image classification tasks, the NJEE maps a vector of pixels' color values to probabilities over possible image classes.
In practice, the probability distribution of Y is obtained by a Softmax layer with number of nodes that is equal to the alphabet size of Y.
NJEE uses continuously differentiable activation functions, such that the conditions for the universal approximation theorem holds.
It is shown that this method provides a strongly consistent estimator and outperforms other methods in cases of large alphabet sizes.
=== Medical image analysis === Deep learning has been shown to produce competitive results in medical applications such as cancer cell classification, lesion detection, organ segmentation and image enhancement.
Modern deep learning tools demonstrate the high accuracy of detecting various diseases and the helpfulness of their use by specialists to improve the diagnosis efficiency.
=== Mobile advertising === Finding the appropriate mobile audience for mobile advertising is always challenging, since many data points must be considered and analyzed before a target segment can be created and used in ad serving by any ad server.
Deep learning has been used to interpret large, many-dimensioned advertising datasets.
Many data points are collected during the request/serve/click internet advertising cycle.
This information can form the basis of machine learning to improve ad selection.
=== Image restoration === Deep learning has been successfully applied to inverse problems such as denoising, super-resolution, inpainting, and film colorization.
These applications include learning methods such as "Shrinkage Fields for Effective Image Restoration" which trains on an image dataset, and Deep Image Prior, which trains on the image that needs restoration.
=== Financial fraud detection === Deep learning is being successfully applied to financial fraud detection, tax evasion detection, and anti-money laundering.
=== Materials science === In November 2023, researchers at Google DeepMind and Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory announced that they had developed an AI system known as GNoME.
This system has contributed to materials science by discovering over 2 million new materials within a relatively short timeframe.
GNoME employs deep learning techniques to efficiently explore potential material structures, achieving a significant increase in the identification of stable inorganic crystal structures.
The system's predictions were validated through autonomous robotic experiments, demonstrating a noteworthy success rate of 71%.
The data of newly discovered materials is publicly available through the Materials Project database, offering researchers the opportunity to identify materials with desired properties for various applications.
This development has implications for the future of scientific discovery and the integration of AI in material science research, potentially expediting material innovation and reducing costs in product development.
The use of AI and deep learning suggests the possibility of minimizing or eliminating manual lab experiments and allowing scientists to focus more on the design and analysis of unique compounds.
=== Military === The United States Department of Defense applied deep learning to train robots in new tasks through observation.
=== Partial differential equations === Physics informed neural networks have been used to solve partial differential equations in both forward and inverse problems in a data driven manner.
One example is the reconstructing fluid flow governed by the Navier-Stokes equations.
Using physics informed neural networks does not require the often expensive mesh generation that conventional CFD methods rely on.
=== Deep backward stochastic differential equation method === Deep backward stochastic differential equation method is a numerical method that combines deep learning with Backward stochastic differential equation (BSDE).
This method is particularly useful for solving high-dimensional problems in financial mathematics.
By leveraging the powerful function approximation capabilities of deep neural networks, deep BSDE addresses the computational challenges faced by traditional numerical methods in high-dimensional settings.
Specifically, traditional methods like finite difference methods or Monte Carlo simulations often struggle with the curse of dimensionality, where computational cost increases exponentially with the number of dimensions.
Deep BSDE methods, however, employ deep neural networks to approximate solutions of high-dimensional partial differential equations (PDEs), effectively reducing the computational burden.
In addition, the integration of Physics-informed neural networks (PINNs) into the deep BSDE framework enhances its capability by embedding the underlying physical laws directly into the neural network architecture.
This ensures that the solutions not only fit the data but also adhere to the governing stochastic differential equations.
PINNs leverage the power of deep learning while respecting the constraints imposed by the physical models, resulting in more accurate and reliable solutions for financial mathematics problems.
=== Image reconstruction === Image reconstruction is the reconstruction of the underlying images from the image-related measurements.
Several works showed the better and superior performance of the deep learning methods compared to analytical methods for various applications, e.g., spectral imaging  and ultrasound imaging.
=== Weather prediction === Traditional weather prediction systems solve a very complex system of partial differential equations.
GraphCast is a deep learning based model, trained on a long history of weather data to predict how weather patterns change over time.
It is able to  predict weather conditions for up to 10 days globally, at a very detailed level, and in under a minute, with precision similar to state of the art systems.
=== Epigenetic clock ===  An epigenetic clock is a biochemical test that can be used to measure age.
used deep neural networks to train an epigenetic aging clock of unprecedented accuracy using >6,000 blood samples.
The clock uses information from 1000 CpG sites and predicts people with certain conditions older than healthy controls: IBD, frontotemporal dementia, ovarian cancer, obesity.
The aging clock was planned to be released for public use in 2021 by an Insilico Medicine spinoff company Deep Longevity.
== Relation to human cognitive and brain development == Deep learning is closely related to a class of theories of brain development (specifically, neocortical development) proposed by cognitive neuroscientists in the early 1990s.
These developmental theories were instantiated in computational models, making them predecessors of deep learning systems.
These developmental models share the property that various proposed learning dynamics in the brain (e.g., a wave of nerve growth factor) support the self-organization somewhat analogous to the neural networks utilized in deep learning models.
Like the neocortex, neural networks employ a hierarchy of layered filters in which each layer considers information from a prior layer (or the operating environment), and then passes its output (and possibly the original input), to other layers.
This process yields a self-organizing stack of transducers, well-tuned to their operating environment.
A 1995 description stated, "...the infant's brain seems to organize itself under the influence of waves of so-called trophic-factors ...
different regions of the brain become connected sequentially, with one layer of tissue maturing before another and so on until the whole brain is mature".
A variety of approaches have been used to investigate the plausibility of deep learning models from a neurobiological perspective.
On the one hand, several variants of the backpropagation algorithm have been proposed in order to increase its processing realism.
Other researchers have argued that unsupervised forms of deep learning, such as those based on hierarchical generative models and deep belief networks, may be closer to biological reality.
In this respect, generative neural network models have been related to neurobiological evidence about sampling-based processing in the cerebral cortex.
Although a systematic comparison between the human brain organization and the neuronal encoding in deep networks has not yet been established, several analogies have been reported.
For example, the computations performed by deep learning units could be similar to those of actual neurons and neural populations.
Similarly, the representations developed by deep learning models are similar to those measured in the primate visual system both at the single-unit and at the population levels.
== Commercial activity == Facebook's AI lab performs tasks such as automatically tagging uploaded pictures with the names of the people in them.
Google's DeepMind Technologies developed a system capable of learning how to play Atari video games using only pixels as data input.
In 2015 they demonstrated their AlphaGo system, which learned the game of Go well enough to beat a professional Go player.
Google Translate uses a neural network to translate between more than 100 languages.
In 2017, Covariant.ai was launched, which focuses on integrating deep learning into factories.
As of 2008, researchers at The University of Texas at Austin (UT) developed a machine learning framework called Training an Agent Manually via Evaluative Reinforcement, or TAMER, which proposed new methods for robots or computer programs to learn how to perform tasks by interacting with a human instructor.
First developed as TAMER, a new algorithm called Deep TAMER was later introduced in 2018 during a collaboration between U.S.
Army Research Laboratory (ARL) and UT researchers.
Deep TAMER used deep learning to provide a robot with the ability to learn new tasks through observation.
Using Deep TAMER, a robot learned a task with a human trainer, watching video streams or observing a human perform a task in-person.
The robot later practiced the task with the help of some coaching from the trainer, who provided feedback such as "good job" and "bad job".
== Criticism and comment == Deep learning has attracted both criticism and comment, in some cases from outside the field of computer science.
=== Theory ===  A main criticism concerns the lack of theory surrounding some methods.
Learning in the most common deep architectures is implemented using well-understood gradient descent.
However, the theory surrounding other algorithms, such as contrastive divergence is less clear.
What is it approximating?) Deep learning methods are often looked at as a black box, with most confirmations done empirically, rather than theoretically.
In further reference to the idea that artistic sensitivity might be inherent in relatively low levels of the cognitive hierarchy, a published series of graphic representations of the internal states of deep (20-30 layers) neural networks attempting to discern within essentially random data the images on which they were trained demonstrate a visual appeal: the original research notice received well over 1,000 comments, and was the subject of what was for a time the most frequently accessed article on The Guardian's website.
With the support of Innovation Diffusion Theory (IDT), a study analyzed the diffusion of Deep Learning in BRICS and OECD countries using data from Google Trends.
=== Errors === Some deep learning architectures display problematic behaviors, such as confidently classifying unrecognizable images as belonging to a familiar category of ordinary images (2014) and misclassifying minuscule perturbations of correctly classified images (2013).
Goertzel hypothesized that these behaviors are due to limitations in their internal representations and that these limitations would inhibit integration into heterogeneous multi-component artificial general intelligence (AGI) architectures.
These issues may possibly be addressed by deep learning architectures that internally form states homologous to image-grammar decompositions of observed entities and events.
Learning a grammar (visual or linguistic) from training data would be equivalent to restricting the system to commonsense reasoning that operates on concepts in terms of grammatical production rules and is a basic goal of both human language acquisition and artificial intelligence (AI).
=== Cyber threat === As deep learning moves from the lab into the world, research and experience show that artificial neural networks are vulnerable to hacks and deception.
By identifying patterns that these systems use to function, attackers can modify inputs to ANNs in such a way that the ANN finds a match that human observers would not recognize.
For example, an attacker can make subtle changes to an image such that the ANN finds a match even though the image looks to a human nothing like the search target.
Such manipulation is termed an "adversarial attack".
In 2016 researchers used one ANN to doctor images in trial and error fashion, identify another's focal points, and thereby generate images that deceived it.
The modified images looked no different to human eyes.
Another group showed that printouts of doctored images then photographed successfully tricked an image classification system.
One defense is reverse image search, in which a possible fake image is submitted to a site such as TinEye that can then find other instances of it.
A refinement is to search using only parts of the image, to identify images from which that piece may have been taken.
Another group showed that certain psychedelic spectacles could fool a facial recognition system into thinking ordinary people were celebrities, potentially allowing one person to impersonate another.
In 2017 researchers added stickers to stop signs and caused an ANN to misclassify them.
ANNs can however be further trained to detect attempts at deception, potentially leading attackers and defenders into an arms race similar to the kind that already defines the malware defense industry.
ANNs have been trained to defeat ANN-based anti-malware software by repeatedly attacking a defense with malware that was continually altered by a genetic algorithm until it tricked the anti-malware while retaining its ability to damage the target.
In 2016, another group demonstrated that certain sounds could make the Google Now voice command system open a particular web address, and hypothesized that this could "serve as a stepping stone for further attacks (e.g., opening a web page hosting drive-by malware)".
In "data poisoning", false data is continually smuggled into a machine learning system's training set to prevent it from achieving mastery.
=== Data collection ethics === The deep learning systems that are trained using supervised learning often rely on data that is created or annotated by humans, or both.
It has been argued that not only low-paid clickwork (such as on Amazon Mechanical Turk) is regularly deployed for this purpose, but also implicit forms of human microwork that are often not recognized as such.
The philosopher Rainer Mühlhoff distinguishes five types of "machinic capture" of human microwork to generate training data: (1) gamification (the embedding of annotation or computation tasks in the flow of a game), (2) "trapping and tracking" (e.g.
CAPTCHAs for image recognition or click-tracking on Google search results pages), (3) exploitation of social motivations (e.g.
tagging faces on Facebook to obtain labeled facial images), (4) information mining (e.g.
by leveraging quantified-self devices such as activity trackers) and (5) clickwork.
== See also == Applications of artificial intelligence Comparison of deep learning software Compressed sensing Differentiable programming Echo state network List of artificial intelligence projects Liquid state machine List of datasets for machine-learning research Reservoir computing Scale space and deep learning Sparse coding Stochastic parrot Topological deep learning   == References ==   == Further reading ==
Rocket Lab Corporation is a publicly traded aerospace manufacturer and launch service provider.
Its Electron orbital rocket launches small satellites, and has launched 70 Electron missions as of August 2025; second only to SpaceX for the total number of private launches.
A sub-orbital Electron variant called HASTE (Hypersonic Accelerator Suborbital Test Electron) serves other needs.
The company also supplies satellite components including star trackers, reaction wheels, solar cells and arrays, satellite radios, separation systems, as well as flight and ground software recently secured upwards of 650 million dollars' worth of contracts.
The company's expendable Electron rocket was launched for the first time in May 2017.
In August 2020, the company launched its first Photon satellite.
The company built and operates satellites for the Space Development Agency, part of the United States Space Force.
In May 2022, the company attempted to recover a returning Electron booster with a helicopter.
In 2024, the company announced that a booster recovered on an earlier launch would be reused.
Rocket Lab was founded in New Zealand in 2006.
By 2009, the successful launch of Ātea-1 made the organization the first private company in the Southern Hemisphere to reach space.
The company established its headquarters in California in 2013.
Rocket Lab acquired four companies, including Sinclair Interplanetary in April 2020, Advanced Solutions in December 2021, SolAero Holdings in January 2022, and Planetary Systems in December 2021.
As of June 2024, the company had approximately 2,000 full-time permanent employees globally.
Approximately 700 of these employees were based in New Zealand, with the remainder in the United States.
In August 2021, the company went public on the Nasdaq stock exchange through a SPAC merger.
== History ==   === Origin (2006–2012) === The company was founded in June 2006 by Peter Beck in New Zealand, after a trip to the United States.
During the trip, Beck realized the possibility and potential for a low-cost, small rocket.
While contacting potential investors, he met Mark Rocket, who later became a seed investor and was co-director from 2007 to 2011.
Other investors to the company included Stephen Tindall, Vinod Khosla, and the New Zealand Government.
The company became the first private company in the Southern Hemisphere to reach space after launching its Ātea-1 sounding rocket in November 2009.
The payload was not recovered, and the launch was deemed unsuccessful.
The payload was a ballistic instrumentation dart and its trajectory depended only on the boost phase.
The launch took place off the coast of New Zealand, from the private island (Great Mercury Island) of Michael Fay, a New Zealand banker and Rocket Lab investor.
In December 2010, the company was awarded a U.S.
government contract from the Operationally Responsive Space Office (ORS) to study a low-cost space launcher to place CubeSats into orbit.
The agreement with NASA enabled the company to contract for limited NASA resources, including personnel, facilities, and equipment, for commercial launch efforts.
=== United States move (2013–2020) ===  Around 2013, the company moved to the United States and established its headquarters in Huntington Beach, California.
The move coincided with funding from American sources, and was in part due to increased U.S.
The New Zealand company became a subsidiary of the American company.
The move was motivated by the need to accommodate the company's growing workforce and to be closer to suppliers and customers.
The new facility includes a state-of-the-art production facility for manufacturing the company's Electron launch vehicle, as well as administrative offices and other support facilities.
In 2013, funding was obtained from Khosla Ventures, and Callaghan Innovation (a Crown entity of New Zealand).
Bessemer Venture Partners invested in 2014 and Lockheed Martin invested in 2015.
Rocket Lab announced in March 2017 that it had raised an additional US$75 million in a Series D equity round led by Data Collective with participation by Promus Ventures and earlier investors.
In May 2017, Callaghan Innovation funding was reported to total NZ$15 million.
In November 2018, the company reported raising a $150 million Series E round led by Future Fund.
The first NASA mission, launched in 2018, was valued by the space agency at $6.9 million (with launch services, etc., included).
In 2018, Rocket Lab began to develop reusable first stage technology, after previously stating publicly that they had no intention of attempting to recover and reuse their launch vehicles.
They disclosed the effort to study the potential recovery of an Electron first stage in August 2019, aiming to use a parachute and mid-air retrieval.
In December 2019, they flight tested the reentry technology, a Rocket Lab proprietary aerothermal decelerator, on Electron flight number 10, and were able to decelerate the rocket and successfully bring it through the space to lower atmosphere transition.
In November 2022, Rocket Lab cut the ribbon on an engine test facility for the Archimedes engine at NASA's Stennis Space Center.
In March 2020, the company announced that it had acquired Sinclair Interplanetary, a Canadian manufacturer of components for small satellites.
Rocket Lab said that it would use Sinclair technology on its Photon line of small satellite buses, and that it would help Sinclair increase production of small satellite components for sale to other firms.
Thereafter, Rocket Lab launched missions with some or all of the payload being made by Sinclair Interplanetary.
=== Public company (2021–present) ===  In March 2021, the company announced that it was planning to go public through an initial public offering (IPO) of stock in the second quarter of 2021.
The company planned to accomplish the IPO through a merger with a special-purpose acquisition company (SPAC) called Vector Acquisition Corporation (VACQ).
The merger planned to value the company at US$4.1 billion and provide the company with $790 million in working capital to support the development of a medium-lift two-stage-to-orbit launch vehicle called Neutron, aiming for the mega-constellation satellite deployment market.
Neutron was planned to be partially reusable with the booster stage performing a Return To Launch Site (RTLS) landing, to be refurbished and relaunched.
The company began trading on the Nasdaq stock exchange on 25 August 2021 after merging with SPAC Vector Acquisition at a $4.8 billion valuation.
The transaction added $777 million in gross cash.
At the time, Rocket Lab had over 500 employees, and it had successfully launched 105 satellites into orbit.
Rocket Lab's launch business booked revenues of $13.5 million in 2018, $48 million in 2019, and an estimated $33 million in 2020.
Rocket Lab spent somewhere between $250 and $300 million of the cash gained from going public to develop Neutron.
Rocket Lab aimed to launch Neutron by 2025.
As of August 2021, the company intended to build a new factory in the United States to manufacture the rockets as well as launch infrastructure for Neutron at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport in Wallops Island, Virginia.
In October 2021, the company acquired Advanced Solutions, Inc (ASI), a Colorado-based spacecraft flight software company.
In November 2021, the company acquired Planetary Systems Corporation (PSC), a manufacturer of satellite separation systems, for $81.4 million.
In January 2022, the company acquired SolAero, a supplier of space solar power products.
On 3 May 2022, in the "There And Back Again" mission, the company launched its Electron rocket from New Zealand and attempted to recover it for the first time.
It was able to capture the falling rocket booster in mid-air, a historic first.
Beck later said that the booster was hanging improperly, so it was allowed to parachute into the water where it was extracted by a ship.
In August 2022, the company revealed plans to become the first private company to reach Venus.
The company is building a small probe, called the Venus Life Finder (VLF), which is designed to plunge through Venus's upper atmosphere for roughly five minutes between 29 mi (47 km) and 37 mi (60 km) above the planet's surface, searching for organic compounds.
As of March 2025, the target launch date aboard the Electron rocket was the Summer of 2026.
In October 2023, Rocket Lab officially opened its engine development facility in Long Beach to support the development of the Archimedes engine.
The facility, including production assets such as machinery and equipment, had been acquired in May 2023 out of Virgin Orbit's bankruptcy proceedings.
In January 2024, Rocket Lab became the prime contractor for a $515M USSF military satellite project, the company's largest contract to date.
In April 2024, the company announced it would begin selling carbon composite products to customers.
As of 2024, the company was developing the bigger Neutron reusable unibody rocket; multiple spacecraft buses, and rocket engines: Rutherford, Curie, HyperCurie, and Archimedes.
In mid 2024, the company entered the engine test phase in Neutron's development process.
In November 2024, news reports said the company threatened an academic in New Zealand with a defamation lawsuit for comments that Rocket Lab was involved with US military control over nuclear weapons.
In May 2025, Rocket Lab entered into an agreement to acquire Geost.
This has increased their total headcount by 115 highly trained professionals bringing Rocket Lab’s total headcount to more than 2,600 employees.
== Hardware ==   === Electron orbital rocket ===  Electron is a two-stage launch vehicle that uses Rocket Lab's Rutherford liquid engines on both stages.
The vehicle is capable of delivering payloads of 150 kg to a 500 km Sun-synchronous orbit.
The projected cost is less than US$5 million per launch.
The Rutherford engine uses pumps driven by battery-powered electric motors rather than a gas generator, expander, or preburner.
The engine is fabricated largely by 3D printing, using electron beam melting, whereby layers of metal powder are melted in a high vacuum by an electron beam.
By March 2016, the 5,000 pounds-force (22 kN) second-stage Rutherford engine had completed firing tests.
The first test flight took place on 25 May 2017 from Māhia Peninsula on New Zealand's North Island.
After reaching an altitude of approximately 224 kilometres (139 mi), the rocket was performing nominally, but telemetry was lost, and flight control destroyed it.
On 21 January 2018, their second rocket, on a flight named "Still Testing", launched, reached orbit and deployed three CubeSats for customers Planet Labs and Spire Global.
The rocket also carried a satellite payload called Humanity Star, a 1 m-wide (3.3 ft) carbon fiber geodesic sphere made of 65 panels that reflect the Sun's light.
Humanity Star re-entered Earth's atmosphere and burned up in March 2018.
On 11 November 2018, the first commercial launch (third launch overall) took off from Māhia Peninsula carrying satellites for Spire Global, GeoOptics, a CubeSat built by high school students, and a prototype of a dragsail.
On 4 July 2020, an issue during the second-stage burn of flight 13, named "Pics or It Didn't Happen", caused Electron to fail to get into orbit and its payloads were lost.
On 19 November 2020, a launch mission named "Return to Sender" successfully deployed its payload of 30 small satellites.
First stage recovery was also successfully implemented.
On 15 May 2021, the company launched "Running Out Of Toes," which successfully utilized the first-stage recovery method like the one used on "Return to Sender." However, the rocket failed to place its payload of two BlackSky satellites into orbit after an issue occurred with the second stage.
On 15 September 2022, Rocket Lab launched "The Owl Spreads Its Wings" mission, sending a synthetic-aperture radar (SAR) satellite into Earth orbit.
On September 19, 2023, the Electron failed its mission to deliver a Capella Space synthetic-aperture radar imaging satellite when the rocket's second stage failed shortly after separation.
Electron successfully returned to flight on December 14 with the launch of a Japanese radar imaging satellite, which marked a record 10th flight for the rocket in 2023.
Two attempts have been made to recover an Electron booster by helicopter.
In addition, six attempts have been made at soft water recovery.
=== HASTE suborbital rocket === Hypersonic Accelerator Suborbital Test Electron (HASTE) is a suborbital testbed launch vehicle derived from the Electron orbital rocket.
HASTE provides flight test opportunities for hypersonic and suborbital system technology development.
It successfully launched its first mission "Scout's Arrow" on 18 June 2023, for Leidos.
HASTE has a payload capacity of 700 kg (1,500 lb), double that of Electron.
It can deploy payloads from 80 km (50 mi) altitude and higher.
In 2024, two HASTE launches were planned.
As of November 2023 Rocket Lab had contracted for at least six HASTE missions.
=== Neutron reusable rocket ===  The company announced in March 2021 that it was developing a new medium-lift two-stage human-rated launch vehicle called Neutron.
Neutron is expected to be 40 m (130 ft) tall with a 4.5 m-diameter (15 ft) fairing.
It will have 13-and-15-short-ton (12 and 14 t) capacities.
Rocket Lab said they aim to make the first stage of the vehicle reusable, with landings planned on a floating landing platform downrange in the ocean.
This method is similar to how SpaceX recovers the Falcon 9 and Falcon Heavy rockets.
During a question and answer session with space and rocket communicator Scott Manley, Beck indicated a preference to avoid fixed assets such as landing barges.
This indicated that design work had proceeded on the basis that the Neutron would return for landing rather than landing downrange.
Neutron launches are intended to take place from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport (MARS) on the eastern coast of Virginia.
Rocket Lab is expected to modify the existing launch pad infrastructure at Launch Pad 0A (LP-0A).
In March 2022, Rocket Lab announced that Neutron will be manufactured at a facility adjacent to MARS Launch Complex 2.
Launch Complex 2 is currently being used for Electron launches.
Rocket Lab began to break ground for this facility on 11 April 2022.
As of March 2021, the company is planning for the first launch no earlier than mid-2025.
In mid-2024, the company completed assembly on the first Archimedes engine, to undergo testing at Stennis Space Center, as well as some assembly on Neutron's fairings.
=== Ātea sounding rocket === The first and only launch of the Ātea (Māori for "space") sub-orbital sounding rocket occurred in late 2009.
The 6 m-long (20 ft) rocket, weighing approximately 60 kg (130 lb), was designed to carry a 2 kg (4.4 lb) payload to an altitude of around 120 km (75 mi).
It was intended to carry scientific payloads or possibly personal items.
Ātea-1, named Manu Karere or Bird Messenger by the local Māori iwi, was successfully launched from Great Mercury Island near the Coromandel Peninsula on 30 November 2009 at 01:23 UTC (14:23 local time).
The rocket was tracked by a GPS uplink to the Inmarsat-B satellite constellation.
After the flight, Ātea-1 splashed down approximately 50 kilometres (31 mi) downrange.
The payload had no telemetry downlink, but carried instrumentation.
The payload was not recovered as it was a dart of no value.
The company advised that should it be encountered by vessels at sea, the payload should not be handled as it was "potentially hazardous" and contained delicate instruments.
Performance characteristics were determined by the boost stage using downlink telemetry, and was recovered.
This allowed Rocket Lab to move the entire team to the Electron rocket.
=== Photon satellite bus ===   == Notable missions == In February 2020, Rocket Lab was selected by NASA to launch the CAPSTONE (Cislunar Autonomous Positioning System Technology Operations and Navigation Experiment) on Electron and deploy it to lunar orbit from a Photon spacecraft bus.
CAPSTONE is a microwave oven–sized CubeSat weighing 55 pounds and is the first spacecraft to test a unique, elliptical lunar orbit.
As a pathfinder for the Lunar Gateway, a Moon-orbiting outpost that is part of NASA's Artemis program, CAPSTONE will help reduce risk for future spacecraft by validating innovative navigation technologies and verifying the dynamics of this halo-shaped orbit.
Originally scheduled to launch from Virginia, the launch location was adjusted to Launch Complex 1 in New Zealand in August 2021 due to delays in certifying the NASA autonomous flight termination system planned to fly on Electron missions from Launch Complex 2.
The CAPSTONE mission was successfully launched on Electron in June 2022 and on July 4th Photon's HyperCurie engine completed the final Translunar Injection Burn, successfully releasing the CAPSTONE spacecraft on a trajectory to lunar orbit.
CAPSTONE completed its primary six-month mission and as of July 2023 was continuing an enhanced mission to deliver ongoing data in support of Artemis.
=== Viscous liquid monopropellant === In 2012, the company demonstrated a rocket propelled by a viscous liquid monopropellant (VLM) developed via DARPA and Office of Naval Research (NRL) work.
The VLM was reported to be thixotropic, so that it behaves as a pseudo-solid until a shear force is applied, after which it flows like a liquid.
The VLM density was reported to be comparable to solid-rocket propellant.
The VLM reportedly required no special handling, was non-toxic, water-soluble, had low sensitivity to shock, a high ignition point, and was barely flammable in the atmosphere.
The company earned a US patent on the system.
=== Instant Eyes === In 2011, Rocket Lab had a program called "Instant Eyes".
The Instant Eyes unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) was designed for military applications requiring a bird's-eye view, much like drones.
Upon launch, the rocket with its 5 megapixel camera would reach an altitude of 2,500 feet (760 m) within 20 seconds.
=== Mars sample return === In October 2024, Rocket Lab was awarded a NASA contract to explore new concepts for a sample return from the surface of Mars.
== Facilities ==   === Manufacturing ===  In October 2018, the company revealed its new manufacturing facility in Auckland, New Zealand.
It is intended for the production of propellant tanks and stage builds, and is in charge of the overall integration of launch vehicles at Launch Complex 1.
The company's headquarters in Long Beach, California, produces their Rutherford engines and avionics.
The company's primary manufacturing facility is located in Huntington Beach, where rocket components are manufactured and assembled before traveling to the New Zealand launch site.
The manufacturing process begins with the production of the Electron rocket's first stage, which is built using carbon composite.
The material is designed to be strong and lightweight.
Once the first stage is complete, it is transported to the New Zealand launch site, where the second stage and other components are added.
The second stage is powered by a single Rutherford engine.
The engine uses an electric pump-fed propulsion system.
Manufacturing the carbon composite components of the main flight structure has traditionally required 400 hours, involving extensive hand labor.
In late 2019, Rocket Lab brought a new robotic manufacturing capability online to produce Electron's composite parts in 12 hours.
The robot was named "Rosie the Robot", after The Jetsons character.
The process can make all the carbon fiber structures as well as handle cutting, drilling, and sanding, such that the parts are ready for final assembly.
The company objective as of November 2019 was to reduce the overall Electron manufacturing cycle to seven days.
Rutherford engine production uses additive manufacturing.
In October 2023, Rocket Lab announced it had acquired carbon composite manufacturing facilities, equipment and more than 50 team members from SailGP Technologies in Warkworth, New Zealand.
SailGP was already a supplier to Rocket Lab, so when SailGP announced plans to move operations to the UK, Rocket Lab took over the facilities and employees to support a growing production rate for the Electron rocket and the rapid development of Neutron.
In October 2023, Rocket Lab officially opened its Engine Development Center in Long Beach in the former Virgin Orbit factory, where the company now builds Rutherford and Archimedes engines.
In November 2023, Rocket Lab announced plans to establish a Space Structures Complex in Middle River, Maryland, deliver a comprehensive suite of advanced composite products for the space industry and to further vertically integrate supply for the company's internal needs across launch and space systems.
The site will also play a role in the development and long-term supply of carbon composite structures for Neutron.
Through the acquisition of SolAero, Rocket Lab also has facilities in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Through the acquisition of ASI, the company has facilities in Littleton, Colorado.
Through the acquisition of Planetary Systems Corporation, the company has facilities in Maryland, and in Toronto, Canada through the acquisition of Sinclair Interplanetary.
In September 2021, Rocket Lab announced it was expanding production of reaction wheels with a new production line in Auckland to support production of up to 2,000 reaction wheels per year for an undisclosed mega-constellation customer.
=== Launch Complex 1 ===  The company's Launch Complex 1 (LC-1) is a private orbital launch site located on the Māhia Peninsula in New Zealand.
The site consists of two launch pads, a vehicle integration facility, and a range control center.
It was designed to support the company's Electron launch vehicle, which is optimized for small satellite launches.
The company originally planned to use Kaitorete Spit as its primary launch site and Mahia Peninsula as a secondary one.
After encountering difficulty in obtaining resource consent for the Kaitorete Spit launch site, Rocket Lab announced in November 2015 that its primary launch site would be on the Māhia Peninsula, east of Wairoa on the North Island.
The site is licensed to launch rockets every 72 hours for 30 years.
Rocket Lab Launch Complex 1 (LC-1A) was officially opened on 26 September 2016 (UTC; 27 September NZDT).
In December 2019, Rocket Lab began construction of a second pad on the Māhia Peninsula named Launch Complex 1B.
On 28 February 2022, Launch Complex 1B hosted its first launch: "The Owl's Night Continues." LC-1 has been in operation since 2017 and has supported numerous launches for a variety of customers, including NASA, the U.S.
Air Force, and commercial satellite operators.
LC-1A was the first part of LC-1 and was introduced in 2017.
The first launch supported from LC-1A was "It's a Test." LC-1B was added later in February 2022.
"The Owl's Night Continues" was the first launch supported from LC-1B.
=== Launch Complex 2 ===  In late 2018, the company selected MARS as its second launch site.
Decision factors included infrastructure readiness, few launches from other companies, and the ability to supplement LC-1 orbital inclinations.
It was expected to be capable of monthly launches.
Launch Complex 2 (LC-2) is located within the fence line of MARS Launch Pad 0A.
In December 2019, construction of the launch pad was completed, and Rocket Lab inaugurated LC-2.
The first Electron launch from LC-2 happened on 24 January 2023 during the "Virginia is for launch lovers" mission, named in celebration of the launch.
The launch placed three satellites in orbit.
Two more missions were later launched from LC-2.
=== Launch Complex 3 ===  In October 2023, construction of a new launch site between LP-0A and LP-0B was observed.
The launch site (for Neutron) will be named Launch Pad 0D (LP-0D).
Rocket Lab refers to LP-0D as Launch Complex 3 or LC-3 (located at 37.8321693°N 75.4899046°W﻿ / 37.8321693; -75.4899046﻿ (Wallops Island Launch Complex-2)).
Progress was seen in April 2024 with the installation of the water tower.
Concrete work was reportedly completed in May 2024.
On 28 August 2025, LC-3 was officially opened with an official opening ceremony hosted directly at LC-3, with attendees such as Rocket Lab team members, founding staff, and even official representatives, including the Governor of Virginia, Glenn Youngkin.
== See also ==  Firefly Aerospace – American aerospace company   == References ==   == External links ==  Official website   Business data for Rocket Lab USA, Inc.:
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) is a private research university in Cambridge, Massachusetts, United States.
Established in 1861, MIT has played a significant role in the development of many areas of modern technology and science.
In response to the increasing industrialization of the United States, William Barton Rogers organized a school in Boston to create "useful knowledge." Initially funded by a federal land grant, the institute adopted a polytechnic model that stressed laboratory instruction in applied science and engineering.
MIT moved from Boston to Cambridge in 1916 and grew rapidly through collaboration with private industry, military branches, and new federal basic research agencies, the formation of which was influenced by MIT faculty like Vannevar Bush.
In the late twentieth century, MIT became a leading center for research in computer science, digital technology, artificial intelligence and big science initiatives like the Human Genome Project.
Engineering remains its largest school, though MIT has also built programs in basic science, social sciences, business management, and humanities.
The institute has an urban campus that extends more than a mile (1.6 km) along the Charles River.
The campus is known for academic buildings interconnected by corridors and many significant modernist buildings.
MIT's off-campus operations include the MIT Lincoln Laboratory and the Haystack Observatory, as well as affiliated laboratories such as the Broad and Whitehead Institutes.
The institute also has a strong entrepreneurial culture and MIT alumni have founded or co-founded many notable companies.
As of October 2024, 105 Nobel laureates, 26 Turing Award winners, and 8 Fields Medalists have been affiliated with MIT as alumni, faculty members, or researchers.
In addition, 58 National Medal of Science recipients, 29 National Medals of Technology and Innovation recipients, 50 MacArthur Fellows, 83 Marshall Scholars, 41 astronauts, 16 Chief Scientists of the US Air Force, and 8 foreign heads of state have been affiliated with MIT.
== History ==   === Foundation and vision === [...] a school of industrial science aiding the advancement, development and practical application of science in connection with arts, agriculture, manufactures, and commerce [...] In 1859, a proposal was submitted to the Massachusetts General Court to use newly filled lands in Back Bay, Boston for a "Conservatory of Art and Science", but the proposal failed.
A charter for the incorporation of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, proposed by William Barton Rogers, was signed by John Albion Andrew, the governor of Massachusetts, on April 10, 1861.
Rogers, a geologist who had recently arrived in Boston from the University of Virginia, wanted to establish an institution to address rapid scientific and technological advances.
He did not wish to found a professional school, but a combination with elements of both professional and liberal education, proposing that:  The true and only practicable object of a polytechnic school is, as I conceive, the teaching, not of the minute details and manipulations of the arts, which can be done only in the workshop, but the inculcation of those scientific principles which form the basis and explanation of them, and along with this, a full and methodical review of all their leading processes and operations in connection with physical laws.
The Rogers Plan reflected the German research university model, emphasizing an independent faculty engaged in research, as well as instruction oriented around seminars and laboratories.
=== Early developments ===  Two days after MIT was chartered, the first battle of the Civil War broke out.
After a long delay through the war years, MIT's first classes were held in the Mercantile Building in Boston in 1865.
The new institute was founded as part of the Morrill Land-Grant Colleges Act to fund institutions "to promote the liberal and practical education of the industrial classes" and was a land-grant school.
In 1863 under the same act, the Commonwealth of Massachusetts founded the Massachusetts Agricultural College, which developed as the University of Massachusetts Amherst.
In 1866, the proceeds from land sales went toward new buildings in the Back Bay.
The institute adopted the European polytechnic university model and emphasized laboratory instruction from an early date.
Despite chronic financial problems, the institute saw growth in the last two decades of the 19th century under President Francis Amasa Walker.
Programs in electrical, chemical, marine, and sanitary engineering were introduced, new buildings were built, and the size of the student body increased to more than one thousand.
The curriculum drifted to a vocational emphasis, with less focus on theoretical science.
The fledgling school still suffered from chronic financial shortages which diverted the attention of the MIT leadership.
During these "Boston Tech" years, MIT faculty and alumni rebuffed Harvard University president (and former MIT faculty) Charles W.
Eliot's repeated attempts to merge MIT with Harvard College's Lawrence Scientific School.
There would be at least six attempts to absorb MIT into Harvard.
In its cramped Back Bay location, MIT could not afford to expand its overcrowded facilities, driving a desperate search for a new campus and funding.
Eventually, the MIT Corporation approved a formal agreement to merge with Harvard and move to Allston, over the vehement objections of MIT faculty, students, and alumni.
The merger plan collapsed in 1905 when the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court ruled that MIT could not sell its Back Bay land.
In 1912, MIT acquired its current campus by purchasing a one-mile (1.6 km) tract of filled lands along the Cambridge side of the Charles River.
The neoclassical "New Technology" campus was designed by William W.
Bosworth and had been funded largely by anonymous donations from a mysterious "Mr.
In January 1920, the donor was revealed to be the industrialist George Eastman, an inventor of film production methods and founder of Eastman Kodak.
Between 1912 and 1920, Eastman donated $20 million ($304.2 million in 2024 dollars) in cash and Kodak stock to MIT.
In 1916, with the first academic buildings complete, the MIT administration and the MIT charter crossed the Charles River on the ceremonial barge Bucentaur built for the occasion.
Needing funds to match Eastman's gift and cover retreating state support, President Richard MacLaurin launched an industry funding model known as the "Technology Plan" in 1920.
As MIT grew under the Tech Plan, it built new postgraduate programs that stressed laboratory work on industry problems, including a new program in electrical engineering.
Gerard Swope, MIT's chairman and head of General Electric, believed talented engineers needed scientific research training.
In 1930, he recruited Karl Taylor Compton to helm MIT's transformation as a "technological" research university and to build more autonomy from private industry.
a special type of educational institution which can be defined as a university polarized around science, engineering, and the arts.
We might call it a university limited in its objectives but unlimited in the breadth and the thoroughness with which it pursues these objectives.
In the 1930s, President Karl Taylor Compton and Vice-President (effectively Provost) Vannevar Bush emphasized the importance of pure sciences like physics and chemistry and reduced the vocational practice required in shops and drafting studios.
The Compton reforms "renewed confidence in the ability of the Institute to develop leadership in science as well as in engineering".
Unlike Ivy League schools, MIT catered more to middle-class families, and depended more on tuition than on endowments or grants for its funding.
Still, as late as 1949, the Lewis Committee lamented in its report on the state of education at MIT that "the Institute is widely conceived as basically a vocational school", a "partly unjustified" perception the committee sought to change.
The report comprehensively reviewed the undergraduate curriculum, recommended offering a broader education, and warned against letting engineering and government-sponsored research detract from the sciences and humanities.
The School of Humanities, Arts, and Social Sciences and the MIT Sloan School of Management were formed in 1950 to compete with the powerful Schools of Science and Engineering.
Previously marginalized faculties in the areas of economics, management, political science, and linguistics emerged into cohesive and assertive departments by attracting respected professors and launching competitive graduate programs.
Humanities and social science programs continued to develop under the successive terms of the more humanistically oriented presidents Howard W.
Johnson and Jerome Wiesner between 1966 and 1980.
=== Defense research ===  MIT's involvement in military research projects surged during World War II.
In 1941, Vannevar Bush was appointed head of the federal Office of Scientific Research and Development and directed funding to only a select group of universities, including MIT.
Engineers and scientists from across the country gathered at MIT's Radiation Laboratory, established in 1940 to assist the British military in developing microwave radar.
The work done there significantly affected both the war and subsequent research in the area.
Other defense projects included gyroscope-based and other complex control systems for gunsight, bombsight, and inertial navigation under Charles Stark Draper's Instrumentation Laboratory; the development of a digital computer for flight simulations under Project Whirlwind; and high-speed and high-altitude photography under Harold Edgerton.
By the end of the war, MIT became the nation's largest wartime R&D contractor (attracting some criticism of Bush), employing nearly 4000 in the Radiation Laboratory alone and receiving in excess of $100 million ($1.2 billion in 2015 dollars) before 1946.
Work on defense projects continued even after then.
Post-war government-sponsored research at MIT included SAGE and guidance systems for ballistic missiles and Project Apollo.
These activities affected MIT profoundly.
A 1949 report noted the lack of "any great slackening in the pace of life at the Institute" to match the return to peacetime, remembering the "academic tranquility of the prewar years", though acknowledging the significant contributions of military research to the increased emphasis on graduate education and rapid growth of personnel and facilities.
The faculty doubled and the graduate student body quintupled during the presidential terms of Karl Taylor Compton (1930–1948), James Rhyne Killian (1948–1957), and chancellor Julius Adams Stratton (1952–1957), whose institution-building strategies shaped the expanding university.
By the 1950s, MIT no longer simply benefited the industries with which it had worked for three decades, and it had developed closer working relationships with new patrons, philanthropic foundations and the federal government.
In late 1960s and early 1970s, student and faculty activists protested against the Vietnam War and MIT's defense research.
In this period MIT's various departments were researching helicopters, smart bombs and counterinsurgency techniques for the war in Vietnam as well as guidance systems for nuclear missiles.
The Union of Concerned Scientists was founded on March 4, 1969 during a meeting of faculty members and students seeking to shift the emphasis on military research toward environmental and social problems.
MIT ultimately divested itself from the Instrumentation Laboratory and moved all classified research off-campus to the MIT Lincoln Laboratory facility in 1973 in response to the protests.
The student body, faculty, and administration remained comparatively unpolarized during what was a tumultuous time for many other universities.
Johnson was seen to be highly successful in leading his institution to "greater strength and unity" after these times of turmoil.
However six MIT students were sentenced to prison terms at this time and some former student leaders, such as Michael Albert and George Katsiaficas, are still indignant about MIT's role in military research and its suppression of these protests.
(Richard Leacock's film, November Actions, records some of these tumultuous events.) In the 1980s, there was more controversy at MIT over its involvement in SDI (space weaponry) and CBW (chemical and biological warfare) research.
More recently, MIT's research for the military has included work on robots, drones and 'battle suits'.
=== Recent history ===  MIT has kept pace with and helped to advance the digital age.
In addition to developing the predecessors to modern computing and networking technologies, students, staff, and faculty members at Project MAC, the Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, and the Tech Model Railroad Club wrote some of the earliest interactive computer video games like Spacewar!
and created much of modern hacker slang and culture.
Several major computer-related organizations have originated at MIT since the 1980s: Richard Stallman's GNU Project and the subsequent Free Software Foundation were founded in the mid-1980s at the AI Lab; the MIT Media Lab was founded in 1985 by Nicholas Negroponte and Jerome Wiesner to promote research into novel uses of computer technology; the World Wide Web Consortium standards organization was founded at the Laboratory for Computer Science in 1994 by Tim Berners-Lee; the OpenCourseWare project has made course materials for over 2,000 MIT classes available online free of charge since 2002; and the One Laptop per Child initiative to expand computer education and connectivity to children worldwide was launched in 2005.
MIT was named a sea-grant college in 1976 to support its programs in oceanography and marine sciences and was named a space-grant college in 1989 to support its aeronautics and astronautics programs.
Despite diminishing government financial support over the past quarter century, MIT launched several successful development campaigns to significantly expand the campus: new dormitories and athletics buildings on west campus; the Tang Center for Management Education; several buildings in the northeast corner of campus supporting research into biology, brain and cognitive sciences, genomics, biotechnology, and cancer research; and a number of new "backlot" buildings on Vassar Street including the Stata Center.
Construction on campus in the 2000s included expansions of the Media Lab, the Sloan School's eastern campus, and graduate residences in the northwest.
In 2006, President Hockfield launched the MIT Energy Research Council to investigate the interdisciplinary challenges posed by increasing global energy consumption.
In 2001, inspired by the open source and open access movements, MIT launched OpenCourseWare to make the lecture notes, problem sets, syllabi, exams, and lectures from the great majority of its courses available online for no charge, though without any formal accreditation for coursework completed.
While the cost of supporting and hosting the project is high, OCW expanded in 2005 to include other universities as a part of the OpenCourseWare Consortium, which currently includes more than 250 academic institutions with content available in at least six languages.
In 2011, MIT announced it would offer formal certification (but not credits or degrees) to online participants completing coursework in its "MITx" program, for a modest fee.
The "edX" online platform supporting MITx was initially developed in partnership with Harvard and its analogous "Harvardx" initiative.
The courseware platform is open source, and other universities have already joined and added their own course content.
In March 2009 the MIT faculty adopted an open-access policy to make its scholarship publicly accessible online.
Three days after the Boston Marathon bombing of April 2013, MIT Police patrol officer Sean Collier was fatally shot by the suspects Dzhokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev, setting off a violent manhunt that shut down the campus and much of the Boston metropolitan area for a day.
One week later, Collier's memorial service was attended by more than 10,000 people, in a ceremony hosted by the MIT community with thousands of police officers from the New England region and Canada.
On November 25, 2013, MIT announced the creation of the Collier Medal, to be awarded annually to "an individual or group that embodies the character and qualities that Officer Collier exhibited as a member of the MIT community and in all aspects of his life".
The announcement further stated that "Future recipients of the award will include those whose contributions exceed the boundaries of their profession, those who have contributed to building bridges across the community, and those who consistently and selflessly perform acts of kindness".
In September 2017, the school announced the creation of an artificial intelligence research lab called the MIT-IBM Watson AI Lab.
IBM will spend $240 million over the next decade, and the lab will be staffed by MIT and IBM scientists.
In October 2018 MIT announced that it would open a new Schwarzman College of Computing dedicated to the study of artificial intelligence, named after lead donor and The Blackstone Group CEO Stephen Schwarzman.
The focus of the new college is to study not just AI, but interdisciplinary AI education, and how AI can be used in fields as diverse as history and biology.
The cost of buildings and new faculty for the new college is expected to be $1 billion upon completion.
The Laser Interferometer Gravitational-Wave Observatory (LIGO) was designed and constructed by a team of scientists from California Institute of Technology, MIT, and industrial contractors, and funded by the National Science Foundation.
It was designed to open the field of gravitational-wave astronomy through the detection of gravitational waves predicted by general relativity.
Gravitational waves were detected for the first time by the LIGO detector in 2015.
For contributions to the LIGO detector and the observation of gravitational waves, two Caltech physicists, Kip Thorne and Barry Barish, and MIT physicist Rainer Weiss won the Nobel Prize in physics in 2017.
Weiss, who is also an MIT graduate, designed the laser interferometric technique, which served as the essential blueprint for the LIGO.
In April 2024, MIT students  joined other campuses across the United States in protests and setting up encampments against the Gaza war.
Student likened their actions to the historic protests against the American invasion of Vietnam and MIT investments in South African apartheid; they called for ending ties to the Israeli Ministry of Defense.
== Campus ==  MIT's 166-acre (67.2 ha) campus in the city of Cambridge spans approximately a mile along the north side of the Charles River basin.
The campus is divided roughly in half by Massachusetts Avenue, with most dormitories and student life facilities to the west and most academic buildings to the east.
The bridge closest to MIT is the Harvard Bridge, which is known for being marked off in a non-standard unit of length – the smoot.
The Kendall/MIT MBTA Red Line station is located on the northeastern edge of the campus, in Kendall Square.
The Cambridge neighborhoods surrounding MIT are a mixture of high tech companies occupying both modern office and rehabilitated industrial buildings, as well as socio-economically diverse residential neighborhoods.
In early 2016, MIT presented a development plan for Kendall Square the City of Cambridge, adding high-rise educational, retail, residential, startup incubator, and office space around the MBTA station.
The MIT Museum has moved immediately adjacent to a Kendall Square subway entrance, joining the List Visual Arts Center on the eastern end of the campus.
Each building at MIT has a number (possibly preceded by a W, N, E, or NW) designation, and most have a name as well.
Typically, academic and office buildings are referred to primarily by number while residence halls are referred to by name.
The organization of building numbers roughly corresponds to the order in which the buildings were built and their location relative (north, west, and east) to the original center cluster of Maclaurin buildings.
Many of the buildings are connected above ground as well as through an extensive network of tunnels, providing protection from the Cambridge weather as well as a venue for roof and tunnel hacking.
The campus' primary energy source is natural gas.
In connection with capital campaigns to expand the campus, the Institute has also extensively renovated existing buildings to improve their energy efficiency.
MIT has also taken steps to reduce its environmental impact by running alternative fuel campus shuttles, subsidizing public transportation passes, constructing solar power offsets, and building a cogeneration plant to power campus electricity, heating, and cooling requirements.
=== Research facilities === MIT's on-campus nuclear reactor is one of the most powerful university-based nuclear reactors in the United States.
The prominence of the reactor's containment building in a densely populated area has been controversial, but MIT maintains that it is well-secured.
MIT Nano, also known as Building 12, is an interdisciplinary facility for nanoscale research.
Its 100,000 sq ft (9,300 m2) cleanroom and research space, visible through expansive glass facades, is the largest research facility of its kind in the nation.
With a cost of US$400 million, it is also one of the costliest buildings on campus.
The facility also provides state-of-the-art nanoimaging capabilities with vibration damped imaging and metrology suites sitting atop a 5×10^6 lb (2,300,000 kg) slab of concrete underground.
Other notable campus facilities include a pressurized wind tunnel for testing aerodynamic research, a towing tank for testing ship and ocean structure designs, and previously Alcator C-Mod, which was the largest fusion device operated by any university.
MIT's campus-wide wireless network was completed in the fall of 2005 and consists of nearly 3,000 access points covering 9.4×10^6 sq ft (870,000 m2) of campus.
=== Architecture ===  MIT's School of Architecture, founded in 1865 and now called the School of Architecture and Planning, was the first formal architecture program in the United States, and it has a history of commissioning progressive buildings.
The first buildings constructed on the Cambridge campus, completed in 1916, are sometimes called the "Maclaurin buildings" after Institute president Richard Maclaurin who oversaw their construction.
Designed by William Welles Bosworth, these imposing buildings were built of reinforced concrete, a first for a non-industrial – much less university – building in the US.
Bosworth's design was influenced by the City Beautiful Movement of the early 1900s and features the Pantheon-esque Great Dome housing the Barker Engineering Library.
The Great Dome overlooks Killian Court, where graduation ceremonies are held each year.
The friezes of the limestone-clad buildings around Killian Court are engraved with the names of important scientists and philosophers.
The spacious Building 7 atrium at 77 Massachusetts Avenue is regarded as the entrance to the Infinite Corridor and the rest of the campus.
Alvar Aalto's Baker House (1947), Eero Saarinen's MIT Chapel and Kresge Auditorium (1955), and I.M.
Pei's Green, Dreyfus, Landau, and Wiesner buildings represent high forms of post-war modernist architecture.
More recent buildings like Frank Gehry's Stata Center (2004), Steven Holl's Simmons Hall (2002), Charles Correa's Building 46 (2005), and Fumihiko Maki's Media Lab Extension (2009) stand out among the Boston area's classical architecture and serve as examples of contemporary campus "starchitecture".
These buildings have not always been well received; in 2010, The Princeton Review included MIT in a list of twenty schools whose campuses are "tiny, unsightly, or both".
=== Housing ===  Undergraduates are guaranteed four-year housing in one of MIT's 11 undergraduate dormitories.
Those living on campus can receive support and mentoring from live-in graduate student tutors, resident advisors, and faculty housemasters.
Because housing assignments are made based on the preferences of the students themselves, diverse social atmospheres can be sustained in different living groups; for example, according to the Yale Daily News staff's The Insider's Guide to the Colleges, 2010, "The split between East Campus and West Campus is a significant characteristic of MIT.
East Campus has gained a reputation as a thriving counterculture." MIT also has 5 dormitories for single graduate students and 2 apartment buildings on campus for married student families.
MIT has an active Greek and co-op housing system, including thirty-six fraternities, sororities, and independent living groups (FSILGs).
As of 2015, 98% of all undergraduates lived in MIT-affiliated housing; 54% of the men participated in fraternities and 20% of the women were involved in sororities.
Most FSILGs are located across the river in Back Bay near where MIT was founded, and there is also a cluster of fraternities on MIT's West Campus that face the Charles River Basin.
After the 1997 alcohol-related death of Scott Krueger, a new pledge at the Phi Gamma Delta fraternity, MIT required all freshmen to live in the dormitory system starting in 2002.
Because FSILGs had previously housed as many as 300 freshmen off-campus, the new policy could not be implemented until Simmons Hall opened in that year.
In 2013–2014, MIT abruptly closed and then demolished undergrad dorm Bexley Hall, citing extensive water damage that made repairs infeasible.
In 2017, MIT shut down Senior House after a century of service as an undergrad dorm.
That year, MIT administrators released data showing just 60% of Senior House residents had graduated in four years.
Campus-wide, the four-year graduation rate is 84% (the cumulative graduation rate is significantly higher).
=== Off-campus real estate === MIT has substantial commercial real estate holdings in Cambridge on which it pays property taxes, plus an additional voluntary payment in lieu of taxes (PILOT) on academic buildings which are legally tax-exempt.
As of 2017, it is the largest taxpayer in the city, contributing approximately 14% of the city's annual revenues.
Holdings include Technology Square, parts of Kendall Square, University Park, and many properties in Cambridgeport and Area 4 neighboring the main campus.
The land is held for investment purposes and potential long-term expansion.
== Organization and administration ==  MIT is a state-chartered nonprofit corporation governed by a privately appointed board known as the MIT Corporation.
The Corporation has 60–80 members at any time, some with fixed terms, some with life appointments, and eight who serve ex officio.
The Corporation approves the budget, new programs, degrees and faculty appointments, and elects a president to manage the university and preside over the Institute's faculty.
The current president is Sally Kornbluth, a cell biologist and former provost at Duke University, who became MIT's eighteenth president in January 2023.
MIT has five schools (Science, Engineering, Architecture and Planning, Management, and Humanities, Arts, and Social Sciences) and one college (Schwarzman College of Computing), but no schools of law or medicine.
Faculty committees have control over many areas of MIT's curriculum, research, student life, and administrative affairs, the chair of each of MIT's academic departments reports to the dean of that department's school, who in turn reports to the Provost under the President.
Academic departments are also evaluated by "Visiting Committees", specialized bodies of Corporation members and outside experts who review the performance, activities, and needs of each department.
MIT's endowment, real estate, and other financial assets are managed through by the MIT Investment Management Company (MITIMCo), a subsidiary of the MIT Corporation created in 2004.
A minor revenue source for much of the Institute's history, the endowment's role in MIT operations has grown due to strong investment returns since the 1990s, making it one the largest U.S.
Among its holdings are a majority of shares in the audio equipment manufacturer Bose Corporation, as well as a commercial real estate portfolio in Kendall Square.
== Academics ==  MIT is a large, highly residential, research university with a majority of enrollments in graduate and professional programs.
The university has been accredited by the New England Association of Schools and Colleges since 1929.
MIT operates on a 4–1–4 academic calendar with the fall semester beginning after Labor Day and ending in mid-December, a 4-week "Independent Activities Period" in the month of January, and the spring semester commencing in early February and ceasing in late May.
MIT students refer to both their majors and classes using numbers or acronyms alone.
Departments and their corresponding majors are numbered in the approximate order of their foundation; for example, Civil and Environmental Engineering is Course 1, while Linguistics and Philosophy is Course 24.
Students majoring in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science (EECS), the most popular department, collectively identify themselves as "Course 6".
MIT students use a combination of the department's course number and the number assigned to the class to identify their subjects; for instance, the introductory calculus-based classical mechanics course is simply "8.01" (pronounced eight-oh-one) at MIT.
=== Undergraduate program ===  The four-year, full-time undergraduate program maintains a balance between professional majors and those in the arts and sciences.
In 2010, it was dubbed "most selective" by U.S.
News, admitting few transfer students and 4.1% of its applicants in the 2020–2021 admissions cycle.
It is need-blind for both domestic and international applicants.
MIT offers 44 undergraduate degrees across its five schools.
In the 2017–2018 academic year, 1,045 Bachelor of Science degrees (abbreviated "SB") were granted, the only type of undergraduate degree MIT now awards.
In the 2011 fall term, among students who had designated a major, the School of Engineering was the most popular division, enrolling 63% of students in its 19 degree programs, followed by the School of Science (29%), School of Humanities, Arts, & Social Sciences (3.7%), Sloan School of Management (3.3%), and School of Architecture and Planning (2%).
The largest undergraduate degree programs were in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science (Course 6–2), Computer Science and Engineering (Course 6–3), Mechanical Engineering (Course 2), Physics (Course 8), and Mathematics (Course 18).
All undergraduates are required to complete a core curriculum called the General Institute Requirements (GIRs).
The Science Requirement, generally completed during freshman year as prerequisites for classes in science and engineering majors, comprises two semesters of physics, two semesters of calculus, one semester of chemistry, and one semester of biology.
There is a Laboratory Requirement, usually satisfied by an appropriate class in a course major.
The Humanities, Arts, and Social Sciences (HASS) Requirement consists of eight semesters of classes in the humanities, arts, and social sciences, including at least one semester from each division as well as the courses required for a designated concentration in a HASS division.
Under the Communication Requirement, two of the HASS classes, plus two of the classes taken in the designated major must be "communication-intensive", including "substantial instruction and practice in oral presentation".
Finally, all students are required to complete a swimming test; non-varsity athletes must also take four quarters of physical education classes.
Most classes rely on a combination of lectures, recitations led by associate professors or graduate students, weekly problem sets ("p-sets"), and periodic quizzes or tests.
While the pace and difficulty of MIT coursework has been compared to "drinking from a fire hose", the freshmen retention rate at MIT is similar to other research universities.
The "pass/no-record" grading system relieves some pressure for first-year undergraduates.
For each class taken in the fall term, freshmen transcripts will either report only that the class was passed, or otherwise not have any record of it.
In the spring term, passing grades (A, B, C) appear on the transcript while non-passing grades are again not recorded.
(Grading had previously been "pass/no record" all freshman year, but was amended for the Class of 2006 to prevent students from gaming the system by completing required major classes in their freshman year.) Also, freshmen may choose to join alternative learning communities, such as Experimental Study Group, Concourse, or Terrascope.
MIT's curriculum encourages students to apply scientific knowledge in practical domains, an idea summarized in the institute motto of mens et manus or "mind and hand." Courses emphasizes uses of engineering knowledge in arenas like product design competitions and control design.
In 1969, Margaret MacVicar founded the Undergraduate Research Opportunities Program (UROP) to enable undergraduates to collaborate directly with faculty members and researchers.
Students join or initiate research projects ("UROPs") for academic credit, pay, or on a volunteer basis through postings on the UROP website or by contacting faculty members directly.
A substantial majority of undergraduates participate.
Students often become published, file patent applications, and/or launch start-up companies based upon their experience in UROPs.
The program has been widely emulated at other U.S.
In 1970, the then-Dean of Institute Relations, Benson R.
Snyder, published The Hidden Curriculum, arguing that education at MIT was often slighted in favor of following a set of unwritten expectations and that graduating with good grades was more often the product of figuring out the system rather than a solid education.
The successful student, according to Snyder, was the one who was able to discern which of the formal requirements were to be ignored in favor of which unstated norms.
For example, organized student groups had compiled "course bibles"—collections of problem-set and examination questions and answers for later students to use as references.
This sort of gamesmanship, Snyder argued, hindered development of a creative intellect and contributed to student discontent and unrest.
=== Graduate program === MIT's graduate program has high coexistence with the undergraduate program, and many courses are taken by qualified students at both levels.
MIT offers a comprehensive doctoral program with degrees in the humanities, social sciences, and STEM fields as well as professional degrees, including the Master of Business Administration (MBA).
The Institute offers graduate programs leading to academic degrees such as the Master of Science (which is abbreviated as MS at MIT), various Engineer's Degrees, Doctor of Philosophy (PhD), and Doctor of Science (DSc) and interdisciplinary graduate programs such as the MD-PhD (with Harvard Medical School) and a joint program in oceanography with Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution.
Admission to graduate programs is decentralized; applicants apply directly to the department or degree program.
More than 90% of doctoral students are supported by fellowships, research assistantships (RAs), or teaching assistantships (TAs).
=== Rankings ===  MIT places among the top five in many overall rankings of universities (see table right) and rankings based on students' revealed preferences.
News & World Report, the QS World University Rankings, and the Academic Ranking of World Universities have ranked MIT's School of Engineering first, as did the 1995 National Research Council report.
In the same lists, MIT's strongest showings apart from in engineering are in computer science, the natural sciences, business, architecture, economics, linguistics, mathematics, and, to a lesser extent, political science and philosophy.
Times Higher Education has recognized MIT as one of the world's "six super brands" on its World Reputation Rankings, along with Berkeley, Cambridge, Harvard, Oxford, and Stanford.
In 2019, it was ranked #3 among the universities around the world by SCImago Institutions Rankings.
In 2017, the Times Higher Education World University Rankings also rated MIT the #2 university for arts and humanities.
MIT was ranked #7 in 2015 and #6 in 2017 of the Nature Index Annual Tables, which measure the largest contributors to papers published in 82 leading journals.
Georgetown University researchers ranked MIT #3 in the US for 20-year return on investment.
=== Collaborations ===  The university historically pioneered research and training collaborations between academia, industry and government.
In 1946, President Compton, Harvard Business School professor Georges Doriot, and Massachusetts Investor Trust chairman Merrill Grisswold founded American Research and Development Corporation, the first American venture-capital firm.
In 1948, Compton established the MIT Industrial Liaison Program.
Throughout the late 1980s and early 1990s, American politicians and business leaders accused MIT and other universities of contributing to a declining economy by transferring taxpayer-funded research and technology to international – especially Japanese – firms that were competing with struggling American businesses.
On the other hand, MIT's extensive collaboration with the federal government on research projects has led to several MIT leaders serving as presidential scientific advisers since 1940.
MIT established a Washington Office in 1991 to continue effective lobbying for research funding and national science policy.
The US Justice Department began an investigation in 1989, and in 1991 filed an antitrust suit against MIT, the eight Ivy League colleges, and eleven other institutions for allegedly engaging in price-fixing during their annual "Overlap Meetings", which were held to prevent bidding wars over promising prospective students from consuming funds for need-based scholarships.
While the Ivy League institutions settled, MIT contested the charges, arguing that the practice was not anti-competitive because it ensured the availability of aid for the greatest number of students.
MIT ultimately prevailed when the Justice Department dropped the case in 1994.
MIT's proximity to Harvard University ("the other school up the river") has led to a substantial number of research collaborations such as the Harvard–MIT Division of Health Sciences and Technology and the Broad Institute.
In addition, students at the two schools can cross-register for credits toward their own school's degrees without any additional fees.
A cross-registration program between MIT and Wellesley College has also existed since 1969, and in 2002 the Cambridge–MIT Institute launched an undergraduate exchange program between MIT and the University of Cambridge.
MIT also has a long-term partnership with Imperial College London, for both student exchanges and research collaboration.
More modest cross-registration programs have been established with Boston University, Brandeis University, Tufts University, Massachusetts College of Art, and the School of the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston.
MIT maintains substantial research and faculty ties with independent research organizations in the Boston area, such as the Charles Stark Draper Laboratory, the Whitehead Institute for Biomedical Research, and the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution.
Ongoing international research and educational collaborations include the Amsterdam Institute for Advanced Metropolitan Solutions (AMS Institute), Singapore-MIT Alliance, MIT-Politecnico di Milano, MIT-Zaragoza International Logistics Program, and projects in other countries through the MIT International Science and Technology Initiatives (MISTI) program.
The mass-market magazine Technology Review is published by MIT through a subsidiary company, as is a special edition that also serves as an alumni magazine.
The MIT Press is a major university press, publishing over 200 books and 30 journals annually, emphasizing science and technology as well as arts, architecture, new media, current events, and social issues.
MIT Microphotonics Center and PhotonDelta founded the global roadmap for integrated photonics: Integrated Photonics Systems Roadmap – International (IPSR-I).
The first edition has been published in 2020.
The roadmap is an amalgamation of two previously independent roadmaps: the IPSR roadmap of MIT Microphotonics Center and AIM Photonics in the United States, and the WTMF (World Technology Mapping Forum) of PhotonDelta in Europe.
In 2022, Open Philanthropy donated $13,277,348 to MIT to study potential risks from AI.
=== Libraries, collections, and museums ===  The MIT library system consists of five subject libraries: Barker (Engineering), Dewey (Economics), Hayden (Humanities and Science), Lewis (Music), and Rotch (Arts and Architecture).
There are also various specialized libraries and archives.
The libraries contain more than 2.9 million printed volumes, 2.4 million microforms, 49,000 print or electronic journal subscriptions, and 670 reference databases.
The past decade has seen a trend of increased focus on digital over print resources in the libraries.
Notable collections include the Lewis Music Library with an emphasis on 20th and 21st-century music and electronic music, the List Visual Arts Center's rotating exhibitions of contemporary art, and the Compton Gallery's cross-disciplinary exhibitions.
MIT allocates a percentage of the budget for all new construction and renovation to commission and support its extensive public art and outdoor sculpture collection.
The MIT Museum was founded in 1971 and collects, preserves, and exhibits artifacts significant to the culture and history of MIT.
The museum now engages in significant educational outreach programs for the general public, including the annual Cambridge Science Festival, the first celebration of this kind in the United States.
Since 2005, its official mission has been, "to engage the wider community with MIT's science, technology and other areas of scholarship in ways that will best serve the nation and the world in the 21st century".
=== Research === MIT was elected to the Association of American Universities in 1934 and is classified among "R1: Doctoral Universities – Very high research activity"; research expenditures totaled $952 million in 2017.
The federal government was the largest source of sponsored research, with the Department of Health and Human Services granting $255.9 million, Department of Defense $97.5 million, Department of Energy $65.8 million, National Science Foundation $61.4 million, and NASA $27.4 million.
MIT employs approximately 1300 researchers in addition to faculty.
In 2011, MIT faculty and researchers disclosed 632 inventions, were issued 153 patents, earned $85.4 million in cash income, and received $69.6 million in royalties.
Through programs like the Deshpande Center, MIT faculty leverage their research and discoveries into multi-million-dollar commercial ventures.
In electronics, magnetic-core memory, radar, single-electron transistors, and inertial guidance controls were invented or substantially developed by MIT researchers.
Harold Eugene Edgerton was a pioneer in high-speed photography and sonar.
Shannon developed much of modern information theory and discovered the application of Boolean logic to digital circuit design theory.
In the domain of computer science, MIT faculty and researchers made fundamental contributions to cybernetics, artificial intelligence, computer languages, machine learning, robotics, and cryptography.
At least nine Turing Award laureates and seven recipients of the Draper Prize in engineering have been or are currently associated with MIT.
Current and previous physics faculty have won eight Nobel Prizes, four ICTP Dirac Medals, and three Wolf Prizes predominantly for their contributions to subatomic and quantum theory.
Members of the chemistry department have been awarded three Nobel Prizes and one Wolf Prize for the discovery of novel syntheses and methods.
MIT biologists have been awarded six Nobel Prizes for their contributions to genetics, immunology, oncology, and molecular biology.
Professor Eric Lander was one of the principal leaders of the Human Genome Project.
Positronium atoms, synthetic penicillin, synthetic self-replicating molecules, and the genetic bases for Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (also known as ALS or Lou Gehrig's disease) and Huntington's disease were first discovered at MIT.
Jerome Lettvin transformed the study of cognitive science with his paper "What the frog's eye tells the frog's brain".
Researchers developed a system to convert MRI scans into 3D printed physical models.
In the domain of humanities, arts, and social sciences, as of October 2019 MIT economists have been awarded seven Nobel Prizes and nine John Bates Clark Medals.
Linguists Noam Chomsky and Morris Halle authored seminal texts on generative grammar and phonology.
The MIT Media Lab, founded in 1985 within the School of Architecture and Planning and known for its unconventional research, has been home to influential researchers such as constructivist educator and Logo creator Seymour Papert.
Spanning many of the above fields, MacArthur Fellowships (the so-called "Genius Grants") have been awarded to 50 people associated with MIT.
Five Pulitzer Prize–winning writers currently work at or have retired from MIT.
Four current or former faculty are members of the American Academy of Arts and Letters.
Allegations of research misconduct or improprieties have received substantial press coverage.
Professor David Baltimore, a Nobel Laureate, became embroiled in a misconduct investigation starting in 1986 that led to Congressional hearings in 1991.
Professor Ted Postol has accused the MIT administration since 2000 of attempting to whitewash potential research misconduct at the Lincoln Lab facility involving a ballistic missile defense test, though a final investigation into the matter has not been completed.
Associate Professor Luk Van Parijs was dismissed in 2005 following allegations of scientific misconduct and found guilty of the same by the United States Office of Research Integrity in 2009.
In 2019, Clarivate Analytics named 54 members of MIT's faculty to its list of "Highly Cited Researchers".
That number places MIT eighth among the world's universities.
=== Summer program === Massachusetts Institute of Technology offers the MIT Introduction to Engineering and Science (MITES), a six-week summer program for rising high school seniors.
Its purpose is to expose students from underserved and underrepresented backgrounds to the fields of science and engineering.
The program also aims to foster an interest in these subject matters and prepare students for the pressures and lifestyle of college life.
MITES was founded in 1974 as the MITE (Minority Introduction to Engineering) Program with the purpose of increasing the number of people from underrepresented backgrounds in the engineering profession.
It started out as a two-week intensive program, and later evolved into what is now a six-week program for 60-80 students.
== Discoveries and innovation ==   === Natural sciences === Oncogene – Robert Weinberg discovered genetic basis of human cancer.
Reverse transcription – David Baltimore independently isolated, in 1970 at MIT, two RNA tumor viruses: R-MLV and again RSV.
Thermal death time – Samuel Cate Prescott and William Lyman Underwood from 1895 to 1898.
Applications later found useful in medical devices, pharmaceuticals, and cosmetics.
Electroweak interaction – Steven Weinberg proposed the electroweak unification theory, which gave rise to the modern formulation of the Standard Model, in 1967 at MIT.
=== Computer and applied sciences === Akamai Technologies – Daniel Lewin and Tom Leighton developed a faster content delivery network, now one of the world's largest distributed computing platforms, responsible for serving between 15 and 30 percent of all web traffic.
Cryptography – MIT researchers Ron Rivest, Adi Shamir and Leonard Adleman developed one of the first practical public-key cryptosystems, the RSA cryptosystem, and started a company, RSA Security.
Digital circuits – Claude Shannon, while a master's degree student at MIT, developed the digital circuit design theory which paved the way for modern computers.
Electronic ink – developed by Joseph Jacobson at MIT Media Lab.
Emacs (text editor) – development began during the 1970s at the MIT AI Lab.
Flight recorder (black box) – Charles Stark Draper developed the black box at MIT's Instrumentation Laboratory.
That lab later made the Apollo Moon landings possible through the Apollo Guidance Computer it designed for NASA.
GNU Project – Richard Stallman formally founded the free software movement in 1983 by launching the GNU Project at MIT.
Julia (programming language) – Development was started in 2009, by Jeff Bezanson, Stefan Karpinski, Viral B.
Shah, and Alan Edelman, all at MIT at that time, and continued with the contribution of a dedicated MIT Julia Lab Lisp (programming language) – John McCarthy invented Lisp at MIT in 1958.
Lithium-ion battery efficiencies – Yet-Ming Chiang and his group at MIT showed a substantial improvement in the performance of lithium batteries by boosting the material's conductivity by doping it with aluminium, niobium and zirconium.
Macsyma, one of the oldest general-purpose computer algebra systems; the GPL-licensed version Maxima remains in wide use.
MIT OpenCourseWare – the OpenCourseWare movement started in 1999 when the University of Tübingen in Germany published videos of lectures online for its timms initiative (Tübinger Internet Multimedia Server).
The OCW movement only took off, however, with the launch of MIT OpenCourseWare and the Open Learning Initiative at Carnegie Mellon University in October 2002.
The movement was soon reinforced by the launch of similar projects at Yale, Utah State University, the University of Michigan and the University of California, Berkeley.
Perdix micro-drone – autonomous drone that uses artificial intelligence to swarm with many other Perdix drones.
Project MAC – groundbreaking research in operating systems, artificial intelligence, and the theory of computation.
Radar – developed at MIT's Radiation Laboratory during World War II.
SKETCHPAD – invented by Ivan Sutherland at MIT (presented in his PhD thesis).
It pioneered the way for human–computer interaction (HCI).
Sketchpad is considered to be the ancestor of modern computer-aided design (CAD) programs as well as a major breakthrough in the development of computer graphics in general.
VisiCalc – first spreadsheet computer program for personal computers, originally released for the Apple II by VisiCorp.
MIT alumni Dan Bricklin and Bob Frankston rented time sharing at night on an MIT mainframe computer (that cost $1/hr for use).
World Wide Web Consortium – founded in 1994 by Tim Berners-Lee, (W3C) is the main international standards organization for the World Wide Web X Window System – pioneering architecture-independent system for graphical user interfaces that has been widely used for Unix and Linux systems.
=== Companies and entrepreneurship === MIT alumni and faculty have founded numerous companies, some of which are shown below:  Analog Devices, 1965, co-founders Ray Stata, (SB, SM) and Matthew Lorber (SB) BlackRock, 1988, co-founder Bennett Golub, (SB, SM, PhD) Bose Corporation, 1964, founder Amar Bose (SB, PhD) Boston Dynamics, 1992, founder Marc Raibert (PhD) Buzzfeed, 2006, co-founder Jonah Peretti (SM) Dropbox, 2007, founders Drew Houston (SB) and Arash Ferdowsi (drop-out) Hewlett-Packard, 1939, co-founder William R.
Hewlett (SM) HuffPost, 2005, co-founder Jonah Peretti (SM) Intel, 1968, co-founder Robert Noyce (PhD) Khan Academy, 2008, founder Salman Khan (SB, SM) Koch Industries, 1940, founder Fred C.
Koch (SB), sons William (SB, PhD), David (SB) Qualcomm, 1985, co-founders Irwin M.
Jacobs (SM, PhD) and Andrew Viterbi (SB, SM) Raytheon, 1922, co-founder Vannevar Bush (DEng, Professor) Renaissance Technologies, 1982, founder James Simons (SB) Scale AI, 2016, founder Alexandr Wang (drop-out) Texas Instruments, 1930, founder Cecil Howard Green (SB, SM) TSMC, 1987, founder Morris Chang (SB, SM) VMware, 1998, co-founder Diane Greene (SM)   == Traditions and student activities ==  The faculty and student body place a high value on meritocracy and on technical proficiency.
MIT has never awarded an honorary degree, nor does it award athletic scholarships, ad eundem degrees, or Latin honors upon graduation.
However, MIT has twice awarded honorary professorships: to Winston Churchill in 1949 and Salman Rushdie in 1993.
Many upperclass students and alumni wear a large, heavy, distinctive class ring known as the "Brass Rat".
Originally created in 1929, the ring's official name is the "Standard Technology Ring".
The undergraduate ring design (a separate graduate student version exists as well) varies slightly from year to year to reflect the unique character of the MIT experience for that class, but always features a three-piece design, with the MIT seal and the class year each appearing on a separate face, flanking a large rectangular bezel bearing an image of a beaver.
The initialism IHTFP, representing the informal school motto "I Hate This Fucking Place" and jocularly euphemized as "I Have Truly Found Paradise", "Institute Has The Finest Professors", "Institute of Hacks, TomFoolery and Pranks", "It's Hard to Fondle Penguins", and other variations, has occasionally been featured on the ring given its historical prominence in student culture.
=== Caltech Rivalry ===  MIT also shares a well-known rivalry with the California Institute of Technology (Caltech), stemming from both institutions' reputations as two of the highest ranked and most highly recognized science and engineering schools in the world.
The rivalry is an unusual college rivalry given its focus on academics and pranks instead of sports, and due to the geographic distance between the two (their campuses are separated by about 2580 miles and are on opposite coasts of the United States).
In 2005, Caltech students pranked MIT's Campus Preview Weekend by distributing t-shirts that read "MIT" on the front, and "...because not everyone can go to Caltech" on the back.
Additionally, the word Massachusetts in the "Massachusetts Institute of Technology" engraving on the exterior of the Lobby 7 dome was covered with a banner so that it read "That Other Institute of Technology".
In 2006, MIT retaliated by posing as contractors and stealing the 1.7-ton, 130-year-old Fleming cannon, a Caltech landmark.
The cannon was relocated to Cambridge, where it was displayed in front of the Green Building during the 2006 Campus Preview Weekend.
In September 2010, MIT students unsuccessfully tried to place a life-sized model of the TARDIS time machine from the Doctor Who (1963–present) television series on top of Baxter Hall at Caltech.
A few months later, Caltech students collaborated to help MIT students place the TARDIS on top of their originally planned destination.
The rivalry has continued, most recently in 2014, when a group of Caltech students gave out mugs sporting the MIT logo on the front and the words "The Institute of Technology" on the back.
When heated, the mugs turned orange and read, "Caltech, The Hotter Institute of Technology".
=== Activities ===  MIT has over 500 recognized student activity groups, including a campus radio station, The Tech student newspaper, an annual entrepreneurship competition, a crime club, and weekly screenings of popular films by the Lecture Series Committee.
Less traditional activities include the "world's largest open-shelf collection of science fiction" in English, a model railroad club, and a vibrant folk dance scene.
Students, faculty, and staff are involved in over 50 educational outreach and public service programs through the MIT Museum, Edgerton Center, and MIT Public Service Center.
Fraternities and sororities provide a base of activities in addition to housing.
Approximately 1,000 undergrads, 48% of men and 30% of women, participate in one of several dozen Greek Life men's, women's and co-ed chapters on the campus.
The Independent Activities Period is a four-week-long "term" offering hundreds of optional classes, lectures, demonstrations, and other activities throughout the month of January between the Fall and Spring semesters.
Some of the most popular recurring IAP activities are Autonomous Robot Design (course 6.270), Robocraft Programming (6.370), and MasLab competitions, the annual "mystery hunt", and Charm School.
More than 250 students pursue externships annually at companies in the US and abroad.
Many MIT students also engage in "hacking", which encompasses both the physical exploration of areas that are generally off-limits (such as rooftops and steam tunnels), as well as elaborate practical jokes.
Examples of high-profile hacks have included the abduction of Caltech's cannon, reconstructing a Wright Flyer atop the Great Dome, and adorning the John Harvard statue with the Master Chief's Mjölnir Helmet.
=== Athletics ===  MIT sponsors 31 varsity sports and has one of the three broadest NCAA Division III athletic programs.
MIT participates in the NCAA's Division III, and the New England Women's and Men's Athletic Conference.
It also participates in  NCAA's Division I Patriot League for women's crew, and the Collegiate Water Polo Association (CWPA) for Men's Water Polo.
Men's crew competes outside the NCAA in the Eastern Association of Rowing Colleges (EARC).
MIT's intercollegiate sports teams, called the Engineers, have won 22 Team National Championships and 42 Individual National Championships.
MIT is the all-time Division III leader in producing Academic All-Americas (302) and ranks second across all NCAA Divisions,  behind only the University of Nebraska–Lincoln.
MIT Athletes won 13 Elite 90 awards and ranks first among NCAA Division III programs, and third among all divisions.
In April 2009, budget cuts led to MIT eliminating eight of its 41 sports, including the mixed men's and women's teams in alpine skiing and pistol; separate teams for men and women in ice hockey and gymnastics; and men's programs in golf and wrestling.
== People ==   === Students ===  MIT enrolled 4,602 undergraduates and 6,972 graduate students in 2018–2019.
Undergraduate and graduate students came from all 50 US states as well as from 115 foreign countries.
MIT received 33,240 applications for admission to the undergraduate Class of 2025: it admitted 1,365 (4.1 percent).
In 2019, 29,114 applications were received for graduate and advanced degree programs across all departments; 3,670 were admitted (12.6 percent) and 2,312 enrolled (63 percent).
Supreme Court overruled race-based affirmative action in Students for Fair Admissions v.
Harvard (2023), the university reported that for the class of 2028, Black and Latino student enrollment decreased from previous averages to 5 and 11 percent, respectively, while Asian American enrollment increased to 47 percent.
Undergraduate tuition and fees for 2019–2020 was $53,790 for nine months.
59% of students were awarded a need-based MIT scholarship.
Graduate tuition and fees for 2019–2020 was also $53,790 for nine months, and summer tuition was $17,800.
Financial support for graduate students are provided in large part by individual departments.
They include fellowships, traineeships, teaching and research assistantships, and loans.
The annual increase in expenses had led to a student tradition (dating back to the 1960s) of tongue-in-cheek "tuition riots".
MIT has been nominally co-educational since admitting Ellen Swallow Richards in 1870.
Richards also became the first female member of MIT's faculty, specializing in sanitary chemistry.
Female students remained a small minority prior to the completion of the first wing of a women's dormitory, McCormick Hall, in 1963.
Between 1993 and 2009 the proportion of women rose from 34 percent to 45 percent of undergraduates and from 20 percent to 31 percent of graduate students.
As of 2009, women outnumbered men in Biology, Brain & Cognitive Sciences, Architecture, Urban Planning, and Biological Engineering.
=== Faculty and staff ===  As of 2025, MIT had 1,090 faculty members.
Faculty are responsible for lecturing classes, for advising both graduate and undergraduate students, and for sitting on academic committees, as well as for conducting original research.
Between 1964 and 2009 a total of seventeen faculty and staff members affiliated with MIT won Nobel Prizes (thirteen of them in the latter 25 years).
As of October 2020, 37 MIT faculty members, past or present, have won Nobel Prizes, the majority in Economics or Physics.
As of October 2013, current faculty and teaching staff included 67 Guggenheim Fellows, 6 Fulbright Scholars, and 22 MacArthur Fellows.
Faculty members who have made extraordinary contributions to their research field as well as the MIT community are granted appointments as Institute Professors for the remainder of their tenures.
Susan Hockfield, a molecular neurobiologist, served as MIT's president from 2004 to 2012.
She was the first woman to hold the post.
MIT faculty members have often been recruited to lead other colleges and universities.
Eliot became president of Harvard University in 1869, a post he would hold for 40 years, during which he had influence both on American higher education and on secondary education.
MIT alumnus and faculty member George Ellery Hale played a central role in the development of the California Institute of Technology (Caltech), and other faculty members have been key founders of Franklin W.
Olin College of Engineering in nearby Needham, Massachusetts.
Brown served as president of Boston University; former provost Mark Wrighton is chancellor of Washington University in St.
Louis; former associate provost Alice Gast is president of Lehigh University; and former professor Suh Nam-pyo is president of KAIST.
Former dean of the School of Science Robert J.
Birgeneau was the chancellor of the University of California, Berkeley (2004–2013); former professor John Maeda was president of Rhode Island School of Design (RISD, 2008–2013); former professor David Baltimore was president of Caltech (1997–2006); and MIT alumnus and former assistant professor Hans Mark served as chancellor of the University of Texas system (1984–1992).
In addition, faculty members have been recruited to lead governmental agencies; for example, former professor Marcia McNutt is president of the National Academy of Sciences, urban studies professor Xavier de Souza Briggs served as the associate director of the White House Office of Management and Budget, and biology professor Eric Lander was a co-chair of the President's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology.
In 2013, faculty member Ernest Moniz was nominated by President Obama and later confirmed as United States Secretary of Energy.
Former professor Hans Mark served as Secretary of the Air Force from 1979 to 1981.
Alumna and Institute Professor Sheila Widnall served as Secretary of the Air Force between 1993 and 1997, making her the first female Secretary of the Air Force and first woman to lead an entire branch of the US military in the Department of Defense.
A 1999 report, met by promises of change by President Charles Vest, found that senior female faculty in the School of Science were often marginalized, and in return for equal professional accomplishments received reduced "salary, space, awards, resources, and response to outside offers".
As of 2017, MIT was the second-largest employer in the city of Cambridge.
Based on feedback from employees, MIT was ranked No.
7 as a place to work, among US colleges and universities as of March 2013.
Surveys cited a "smart", "creative", "friendly" environment, noting that the work-life balance tilts towards a "strong work ethic" but complaining about "low pay" compared to an industry position.
=== Notable alumni ===  Many of MIT's over 120,000 alumni have achieved considerable success in scientific research, public service, education, and business.
As of October 2020, 41 MIT alumni have won Nobel Prizes, 48 have been selected as Rhodes Scholars, 61 have been selected as Marshall Scholars, and 3 have been selected as Mitchell Scholars.
Alumni in United States politics and public service include former Chairman of the Federal Reserve Ben Bernanke, former MA-1 Representative John Olver, former CA-13 Representative Pete Stark, KY-4 Representative Thomas Massie, California Senator Alex Padilla, and former National Economic Council chairman Lawrence H.
MIT alumni have founded or co-founded many notable companies, such as Intel, McDonnell Douglas, Texas Instruments, 3Com, Qualcomm, Bose, Raytheon, Apotex, Koch Industries, Rockwell International, Genentech, Dropbox, and Campbell Soup.
According to the British newspaper The Guardian, "a survey of living MIT alumni found that they have formed 25,800 companies, employing more than three million people including about a quarter of the workforce of Silicon Valley.
Those firms collectively generate global revenues of about $1.9 trillion (£1.2 trillion) a year".
If the companies founded by MIT alumni were a country, they would have the 11th-highest GDP of any country in the world.
More than one third of the United States' crewed spaceflights have included MIT-educated astronauts, a contribution exceeding that of any university excluding the United States service academies.
Of the 12 people who have set foot on the Moon as of 2019, four graduated from MIT (among them Apollo 11 Lunar Module Pilot Buzz Aldrin).
Alumnus and former faculty member Qian Xuesen led the Chinese nuclear-weapons program and became instrumental in Chinese rocket-program.
Noted alumni in non-scientific fields include children's book author Hugh Lofting, sculptor Daniel Chester French, guitarist Tom Scholz of the band Boston, the British BBC and ITN correspondent and political advisor David Walter, The New York Times columnist and Nobel Prize-winning economist Paul Krugman, The Bell Curve author Charles Murray, and United States Supreme Court building architect Cass Gilbert.
== See also == Massachusetts Institute of Technology School of Engineering Whitehead Institute Eli and Edythe L.
Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard Koch Institute for Integrative Cancer Research The Coop, campus bookstore   == Notes ==   == References ==   === Sources === Also see the bibliography Archived 2012-02-22 at the Wayback Machine maintained by MIT's Institute Archives & Special Collections and Written Works in MIT in popular culture.
== External links ==  Official website  Athletics website   Texts on Wikisource: "Massachusetts Institute of Technology".
"Massachusetts Institute of Technology, The".
"Technical Education at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology".
China, officially the People's Republic of China (PRC), is a country in East Asia.
With a population exceeding 1.4 billion, it is the second-most populous country after India, representing 17% of the world population.
China borders fourteen countries by land across an area of 9.6 million square kilometers (3,700,000 sq mi), making it the third-largest country by area.
The country is divided into 33 province-level divisions: 22 provinces, 5 autonomous regions, 4 municipalities, and 2 semi-autonomous special administrative regions.
Beijing is the capital, while Shanghai is the most populous city by urban area and largest financial center.
China saw the first humans in the region arriving during the Paleolithic era.
By the 2nd millennium BCE dynastic states had emerged in the Yellow River basin.
The 8th–3rd centuries BCE saw a breakdown in the authority of the Zhou dynasty, accompanied by the emergence of administrative and military techniques, literature and philosophy.
In 221 BCE, China was unified under an emperor, ushering in two millennia of imperial dynasties.
With the invention of gunpowder and paper, the establishment of the Silk Road, and the Great Wall, Chinese culture flourished and has heavily influenced its neighbors and lands further afield.
China began to cede parts of the country in the 19th century, to European powers by a series of unequal treaties.
The 1911 Revolution overthrew the Qing dynasty and the Republic of China (ROC) was established the following year.
The country was unstable and fragmented during the Warlord Era, which ended upon the Northern Expedition conducted by the Kuomintang (KMT) to reunify the country.
The Chinese Civil War began in 1927, when KMT forces purged members of the Chinese Communist Party (CCP), who proceeded to engage in fighting against the KMT-led Nationalist government.
Following invasion by the Empire of Japan in 1937, the CCP – under the leadership of Mao Zedong – and KMT formed the Second United Front to fight the Japanese.
The Second Sino-Japanese War ended in a Chinese victory; however, the CCP and the KMT resumed their civil war.
In 1949, the resurgent Communists established control, proclaiming the People's Republic of China and forcing the Nationalist government to retreat to the island of Taiwan.
The country was split, with both sides claiming to be the legitimate government.
Following the implementation of land reforms, attempts by the PRC to realize communism failed: the Great Leap Forward was responsible for the Great Chinese Famine which resulted in millions of deaths, and the Cultural Revolution was a period of turmoil and persecution characterized by Maoist populism.
Following the Sino-Soviet split, the Shanghai Communiqué in 1972 would precipitate the normalization of relations with the United States.
Economic reforms that began in 1978 moved the country away from a socialist planned economy towards a market-based economy, spurring significant economic growth.
A movement for increased democracy and liberalization stalled after the 1989 Tiananmen Square protests and massacre.
China is a unitary communist state led by the CCP that self-designates as a socialist state.
It is one of the five permanent members of the UN Security Council.
It is a founding member of multilateral and regional organizations such as the AIIB, the Silk Road Fund, the New Development Bank, and the RCEP.
It is a member of BRICS, the G20, APEC, the SCO, and the East Asia Summit.
Making up around one-fifth of the world economy, the Chinese economy is the world's largest by PPP-adjusted GDP.
China is the second-wealthiest country, albeit ranking poorly in measures of democracy and human rights.
The country has been one of the fastest-growing economies and is the world's largest manufacturer and exporter, as well as the second-largest importer.
China is a nuclear-weapon state with the world's largest standing army and the second-largest defense budget.
It is described as either a potential or established superpower, due to its influence in the fields of geopolitics, technology, manufacturing, economics and culture.
China is known for its cuisine and culture.
It is a megadiverse country, and has 60 UNESCO World Heritage Sites.
== Etymology ==  The word "China" has been used in English since the 16th century; however, it was not used by the Chinese themselves during this period.
Its origin has been traced through Portuguese, Malay, and Persian back to the Sanskrit word Cīna, used in ancient India.
"China" appears in Richard Eden's 1555 translation of the 1516 journal of the Portuguese explorer Duarte Barbosa.
Barbosa's usage was derived from Persian Chīn (چین), which in turn derived from Sanskrit Cīna (चीन).
The origin of the Sanskrit word is a matter of debate.
Cīna was first used in early Hindu scripture, including the Mahabharata (3rd century BCE–4th century CE) and the Laws of Manu (2nd century BCE–2nd century CE).
In 1655, Martino Martini suggested that the word China is derived ultimately from the name of the Qin dynasty (221–206 BCE).
Although use in Indian sources precedes this dynasty, this derivation is still given in various sources.
Alternative suggestions include the names for Yelang and the Jing or Chu state.
The official name of the modern state is the "People's Republic of China" (simplified Chinese: 中华人民共和国; traditional Chinese: 中華人民共和國; pinyin: Zhōnghuá rénmín gònghéguó).
The shorter form is "China" (中国; 中國; Zhōngguó), from zhōng ('central') and guó ('state'), a term which developed under the Western Zhou dynasty in reference to its royal demesne.
It was used in official documents as an synonym for the state under the Qing.
The name Zhongguo is also translated as 'Middle Kingdom' in English.
China is sometimes referred to as mainland China or "the Mainland" when distinguishing it from the Republic of China or the PRC's Special Administrative Regions.
== History ==   === Prehistory ===  Archaeological evidence suggests that early hominids inhabited China 2.25 million years ago.
The hominid fossils of Peking Man, a Homo erectus who used fire, have been dated to between 680,000 and 780,000 years ago.
The fossilized teeth of Homo sapiens (dated to 125,000–80,000 years ago) have been discovered in Fuyan Cave.
Chinese proto-writing existed in Jiahu around 6600 BCE, at Damaidi around 6000 BCE, Dadiwan from 5800 to 5400 BCE, and Banpo dating from the 5th millennium BCE.
Some scholars have suggested that the Jiahu symbols (7th millennium BCE) constituted the earliest Chinese writing system.
=== Early dynastic rule ===  According to traditional Chinese historiography, the Xia dynasty was established during the late 3rd millennium BCE, marking the beginning of the dynastic cycle that was understood to underpin China's entire political history.
In the modern era, the Xia's historicity came under increasing scrutiny, in part due to the earliest known attestation of the Xia being written millennia after the date given for their collapse.
In 1958, archaeologists discovered sites belonging to the Erlitou culture that existed during the early Bronze Age; they have since been characterized as the remains of the historical Xia, but this conception is often rejected.
The Shang dynasty that traditionally succeeded the Xia is the earliest for which there are both contemporary written records and undisputed archaeological evidence.
The Shang ruled much of the Yellow River valley until the 11th century BCE, with the earliest hard evidence dated c.
1250 BCE but generally assumed to be considerably older, represents the oldest known form of written Chinese, and is the direct ancestor of modern Chinese characters.
The Shang were overthrown by the Zhou, who ruled between the 11th and 5th centuries BCE, though the centralized authority of Son of Heaven was slowly eroded by fengjian lords.
Some principalities eventually emerged from the weakened Zhou and continually waged war with each other during the 300-year Spring and Autumn period.
By the time of the Warring States period of the 5th–3rd centuries BCE, there were seven major powerful states left.
=== Imperial China ===   ==== Qin and Han ====  The Warring States period ended in 221 BCE after the state of Qin conquered the other six states, reunited China and established the dominant order of autocracy.
King Zheng of Qin proclaimed himself the Emperor of the Qin dynasty, becoming the first emperor of a unified China.
He enacted Qin's legalist reforms, notably the standardization of Chinese characters, measurements, road widths, and currency.
His dynasty also conquered the Yue tribes in Guangxi, Guangdong, and Northern Vietnam.
The Qin dynasty lasted only fifteen years, falling soon after the First Emperor's death.
Following widespread revolts during which the imperial library was burned, the Han dynasty emerged to rule China between 206 BCE and 220 CE, creating a cultural identity among its populace still remembered in the ethnonym of the modern Han Chinese.
The Han expanded the empire's territory considerably, with military campaigns reaching Central Asia, Mongolia, Korea, and Yunnan, and the recovery of Guangdong and northern Vietnam from Nanyue.
Han involvement in Central Asia and Sogdia helped establish the land route of the Silk Road, replacing the earlier path over the Himalayas to India.
Han China gradually became the largest economy of the ancient world.
Despite the Han's initial decentralization and the official abandonment of the Qin philosophy of Legalism in favor of Confucianism, Qin's legalist institutions and policies continued to be employed by the Han government and its successors.
==== Three Kingdoms, Jin, Northern and Southern dynasties ==== After the end of the Han dynasty, a period of strife known as Three Kingdoms followed, at the end of which Wei was swiftly overthrown by the Jin dynasty.
The Jin fell to civil war upon the ascension of a developmentally disabled emperor; the Five Barbarians then rebelled and ruled northern China as the Sixteen States.
The Xianbei unified them as the Northern Wei, whose Emperor Xiaowen reversed his predecessors' apartheid policies and enforced a drastic sinification on his subjects.
In the south, the general Liu Yu secured the abdication of the Jin in favor of the Liu Song.
The various successors of these states became known as the Northern and Southern dynasties, with the two areas finally reunited by the Sui in 581.
==== Sui, Tang and Song ==== The Sui restored the Han to power through China, reformed its agriculture, economy and imperial examination system, constructed the Grand Canal, and patronized Buddhism.
However, they fell quickly when their conscription for public works and a failed war in northern Korea provoked widespread unrest.
Under the succeeding Tang and Song dynasties, Chinese economy, technology, and culture entered a golden age.
The Tang dynasty retained control of the Western Regions and the Silk Road, which brought traders to as far as Mesopotamia and the Horn of Africa, and made the capital Chang'an a cosmopolitan urban center.
However, it was devastated and weakened by the An Lushan rebellion in the 8th century.
In 907, the Tang disintegrated completely when the local military governors became ungovernable.
The Song dynasty ended the separatist situation in 960, leading to a balance of power between the Song and the Liao dynasty.
The Song was the first government in world history to issue paper money and the first Chinese polity to establish a permanent navy which was supported by the developed shipbuilding industry along with the sea trade.
Between the 10th and 11th century CE, the population of China doubled to around 100 million people, mostly because of the expansion of rice cultivation in central and southern China, and the production of abundant food surpluses.
The Song dynasty also saw a revival of Confucianism, in response to the growth of Buddhism during the Tang, and a flourishing of philosophy and the arts, as landscape art and porcelain were brought to new levels of complexity.
However, the military weakness of the Song army was observed by the Jin dynasty.
In 1127, Emperor Emeritus Huizong, Emperor Qinzong of Song and the capital Bianjing were captured during the Jin–Song wars.
The remnants of the Song retreated to southern China and reestablished the Song at Jiankang.
==== Yuan, Ming and Qing ====  The Mongol conquest of China began in 1205 with the campaigns against Western Xia by Genghis Khan, who also invaded Jin territories.
In 1271, the Mongol leader Kublai Khan established the Yuan dynasty, which conquered the last remnant of the Song dynasty in 1279.
Before the Mongol invasion, the population of Song China was 120 million citizens; this was reduced to 60 million by the time of the census in 1300.
A peasant named Zhu Yuanzhang overthrew the Yuan in 1368 and founded the Ming dynasty as the Hongwu Emperor.
Under the Ming dynasty, China enjoyed another golden age, developing one of the strongest navies in the world and a rich and prosperous economy amid a flourishing of art and culture.
It was during this period that admiral Zheng He led the Ming treasure voyages throughout the Indian Ocean, reaching as far as East Africa.
In the early Ming dynasty, China's capital was moved from Nanjing to Beijing.
With the budding of capitalism, philosophers such as Wang Yangming critiqued and expanded Neo-Confucianism with concepts of individualism and equality of four occupations.
The scholar-official stratum became a supporting force of industry and commerce in the tax boycott movements, which, together with the famines and defense against Japanese invasions of Korea (1592–1598) and Later Jin incursions led to an exhausted treasury.
In 1644, Beijing was captured by a coalition of peasant rebel forces led by Li Zicheng.
The Chongzhen Emperor committed suicide when the city fell.
The Manchu Qing dynasty, then allied with Ming dynasty general Wu Sangui, overthrew Li's short-lived Shun dynasty and subsequently seized control of Beijing, which became the new capital of the Qing dynasty.
The Qing dynasty, which lasted from 1644 until 1912, was the last imperial dynasty of China.
The Ming-Qing transition (1618–1683) cost 25 million lives, but the Qing appeared to have restored China's imperial power and inaugurated another flowering of the arts.
After the Southern Ming ended, the further conquest of the Dzungar Khanate added Mongolia, Tibet and Xinjiang to the empire.
Meanwhile, China's population growth resumed and shortly began to accelerate.
It is commonly agreed that pre-modern China's population experienced two growth spurts, one during the Northern Song period (960–1127), and other during the Qing period (around 1700–1830).
By the High Qing era China was possibly the most commercialized country in the world, and imperial China experienced a second commercial revolution by the end of the 18th century.
On the other hand, the centralized autocracy was strengthened in part to suppress anti-Qing sentiment with the policy of valuing agriculture and restraining commerce, like the Haijin during the early Qing period and ideological control as represented by the literary inquisition, causing some social and technological stagnation.
=== Fall of the Qing dynasty ===  In the mid-19th century, the Opium Wars with Britain and France forced China to pay compensation, open treaty ports, allow extraterritoriality for foreign nationals, and cede Hong Kong to the British under the 1842 Treaty of Nanking, the first of what have been termed the unequal treaties.
The First Sino-Japanese War (1894–1895) resulted in Qing China's loss of influence in the Korean Peninsula, as well as the cession of Taiwan to Japan.
The Qing dynasty also began experiencing internal unrest in which tens of millions of people died, especially in the White Lotus Rebellion, the failed Taiping Rebellion that ravaged southern China in the 1850s and 1860s and the Dungan Revolt (1862–1877) in the northwest.
The initial success of the Self-Strengthening Movement of the 1860s was frustrated by a series of military defeats in the 1880s and 1890s.
In the 19th century, the great Chinese diaspora began.
Losses due to emigration were added to by conflicts and catastrophes such as the Northern Chinese Famine of 1876–1879, in which between 9 and 13 million people died.
The Guangxu Emperor drafted a reform plan in 1898 to establish a modern constitutional monarchy, but these plans were thwarted by the Empress Dowager Cixi.
The ill-fated anti-foreign Boxer Rebellion of 1899–1901 further weakened the dynasty.
Although Cixi sponsored a program of reforms known as the late Qing reforms, the Xinhai Revolution of 1911–1912 ended the Qing dynasty and established the Republic of China.
Puyi, the last Emperor, abdicated in 1912.
=== Establishment of the Republic and World War II ===  On 1 January 1912, the Republic of China was established, and Sun Yat-sen of the Kuomintang (KMT) was proclaimed provisional president.
In March 1912, the presidency was given to Yuan Shikai, a former Qing general who in 1915 proclaimed himself Emperor of China.
In the face of popular condemnation and opposition from his own Beiyang Army, he was forced to abdicate and re-establish the republic in 1916.
After Yuan Shikai's death in 1916, China was politically fragmented.
Its Beijing-based government was internationally recognized but virtually powerless; regional warlords controlled most of its territory.
During this period, China participated in World War I and saw a far-reaching popular uprising (the May Fourth Movement).
In the late 1920s, the Kuomintang under Chiang Kai-shek was able to reunify the country under its own control with a series of deft military and political maneuverings known collectively as the Northern Expedition.
The Kuomintang moved the nation's capital to Nanjing and implemented "political tutelage", an intermediate stage of political development outlined in Sun Yat-sen's Three Principles of the People program for transforming China into a modern democratic state.
The Kuomintang briefly allied with the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) during the Northern Expedition, though the alliance broke down in 1927 after Chiang violently suppressed the CCP and other leftists in Shanghai, marking the beginning of the Chinese Civil War.
The CCP declared areas of the country as the Chinese Soviet Republic (Jiangxi Soviet) in November 1931 in Ruijin, Jiangxi.
The Jiangxi Soviet was wiped out by the KMT armies in 1934, leading the CCP to initiate the Long March and relocate to Yan'an in Shaanxi.
It would be the base of the communists before major combat in the Chinese Civil War ended in 1949.
In 1931, Japan invaded and occupied Manchuria.
Japan invaded other parts of China in 1937, precipitating the Second Sino-Japanese War (1937–1945), a theater of World War II.
The war forced an uneasy alliance between the Kuomintang and the CCP.
Japanese forces committed numerous war atrocities against the civilian population; as many as 20 million Chinese civilians died.
An estimated 40,000 to 300,000 Chinese were massacred in Nanjing alone during the Japanese occupation.
China, along with the UK, the United States, and the Soviet Union, were recognized as the Allied "Big Four" in the Declaration by United Nations.
Along with the other three great powers, China was one of the four major Allies of World War II, and was later considered one of the primary victors in the war.
After the surrender of Japan in 1945, Taiwan, along with the Penghu, were handed over to Chinese control; however, the validity of this handover is controversial.
=== People's Republic ===  China emerged victorious but war-ravaged and financially drained.
The continued distrust between the Kuomintang and the Communists led to the resumption of civil war.
Constitutional rule was established in 1947, but because of the ongoing unrest, many provisions of the ROC constitution were never implemented in mainland China.
Afterwards, the CCP took control of most of mainland China, and the ROC government retreated offshore to Taiwan.
On 1 October 1949, CCP Chairman Mao Zedong formally proclaimed the People's Republic of China in Tiananmen Square, Beijing.
In 1950, the PRC captured Hainan from the ROC and annexed Tibet.
However, remaining Kuomintang forces continued to wage an insurgency in western China throughout the 1950s.
The CCP consolidated its popularity among the peasants through the Land Reform Movement, which included the state-tolerated executions of between 1 and 2 million landlords by peasants and former tenants.
Though the PRC initially allied closely with the Soviet Union, the relations between the two communist nations gradually deteriorated, leading China to develop an independent industrial system and its own nuclear weapons.
The Chinese population increased from 550 million in 1950 to 900 million in 1974.
The historical consensus is that the policies of the Mao-era significantly reduced poverty.
However, the Great Leap Forward, an idealistic massive industrialization project, resulted in an estimated 15 to 55 million deaths between 1959 and 1961, mostly from starvation.
In 1964, China detonated its first atomic bomb.
In 1966, Mao and his allies launched the Cultural Revolution, sparking a decade of political recrimination and social upheaval that lasted until Mao's death in 1976.
In October 1971, the PRC replaced the ROC in the United Nations, and took its seat as a permanent member of the Security Council.
==== Reforms and contemporary history ====  After Mao's death, the Gang of Four were arrested by Hua Guofeng and held responsible for the Cultural Revolution.
The Cultural Revolution was rebuked, with millions rehabilitated.
Deng Xiaoping took power in 1978, and started the reform and opening up, instituting large-scale political and economic reforms, together with the "Eight Elders", most senior and influential members of the party.
The government loosened its control and the communes were gradually disbanded.
Agricultural collectivization was dismantled and farmlands privatized.
While foreign trade became a major focus, special economic zones (SEZs) were created.
Inefficient state-owned enterprises (SOEs) were restructured and some closed.
This marked China's transition away from planned economy.
China adopted its current constitution on 4 December 1982.
In 1989, there were protests such those in Tiananmen Square, and then throughout the entire nation.
Jiang Zemin was elevated to become the CCP general secretary, becoming the paramount leader.
Jiang continued economic reforms, closing many SOEs and trimming down "iron rice bowl" (life-tenure positions).
China's economy grew sevenfold during this time.
British Hong Kong and Portuguese Macau returned to China in 1997 and 1999, respectively, as special administrative regions under the principle of one country, two systems.
The country joined the World Trade Organization in 2001.At the 16th CCP National Congress in 2002, Hu Jintao succeeded Jiang as the general secretary.
Under Hu, China maintained its high rate of economic growth, overtaking the United Kingdom, France, Germany and Japan to become the world's second-largest economy.
However, the growth also severely impacted the country's resources and environment, and caused major social displacement.
Xi Jinping succeeded Hu as paramount leader at the 18th CCP National Congress in 2012.
Shortly after his ascension to power, Xi launched a vast anti-corruption crackdown, that prosecuted more than 2 million officials by 2022.
During his tenure, Xi has consolidated power unseen since the initiation of economic and political reforms.
== Geography ==  China's landscape is vast and diverse, ranging from the Gobi and Taklamakan Deserts in the arid north to the subtropical forests in the wetter south.
The Himalaya, Karakoram, Pamir and Tian Shan mountain ranges separate China from much of South and Central Asia.
The Yangtze and Yellow Rivers, the third- and sixth-longest in the world, respectively, run from the Tibetan Plateau to the densely populated eastern seaboard.
China's coastline along the Pacific Ocean is 14,500 km (9,000 mi) long and is bounded by the Bohai, Yellow, East China and South China seas.
China connects through the Kazakh border to the Eurasian Steppe.
The territory of China lies between latitudes 18° and 54° N, and longitudes 73° and 135° E.
The geographical center of China is marked by the Center of the Country Monument at 35°50′40.9″N 103°27′7.5″E.
China's landscapes vary significantly across its vast territory.
In the east, along the shores of the Yellow Sea and the East China Sea, there are extensive and densely populated alluvial plains, while on the edges of the Inner Mongolian plateau in the north, broad grasslands predominate.
Southern China is dominated by hills and low mountain ranges, while the central-east hosts the deltas of China's two major rivers, the Yellow River and the Yangtze River.
Other major rivers include the Xi, Mekong, Brahmaputra and Amur.
To the west sit major mountain ranges, most notably the Himalayas.
High plateaus feature among the more arid landscapes of the north, such as the Taklamakan and the Gobi Desert.
The world's highest point, Mount Everest (8,848 m), lies on the Sino-Nepalese border.
The country's lowest point, and the world's third-lowest, is the dried lake bed of Ayding Lake (−154 m) in the Turpan Depression.
Despite spanning the equivalent of five geographical timezones (from UTC+5 to UTC+9), China uses a single national time zone, China Standard Time (UTC+8).
This uniform time policy was adopted in 1949.
=== Climate ===  China's climate is mainly dominated by dry seasons and wet monsoons, which lead to pronounced temperature differences between winter and summer.
In the winter, northern winds coming from high-latitude areas are cold and dry; in summer, southern winds from coastal areas at lower latitudes are warm and moist.
A major environmental issue in China is the continued expansion of its deserts, particularly the Gobi Desert.
Although barrier tree lines planted since the 1970s have reduced the frequency of sandstorms, prolonged drought and poor agricultural practices have resulted in dust storms plaguing northern China each spring, which then spread to other parts of East Asia, including Japan and Korea.
Water quality, erosion, and pollution control have become important issues in China's relations with other countries.
Melting glaciers in the Himalayas could potentially lead to water shortages for hundreds of millions of people.
According to academics, in order to limit climate change in China to 1.5 °C (2.7 °F) electricity generation from coal in China without carbon capture must be phased out by 2045.
With current policies, the GHG emissions of China will probably peak in 2025, and by 2030 they will return to 2022 levels.
However, such pathway still leads to three-degree temperature rise.
Official government statistics about Chinese agricultural productivity are considered unreliable, due to exaggeration of production at subsidiary government levels.
Much of China has a climate very suitable for agriculture and the country has been the world's largest producer of rice, wheat, tomatoes, eggplant, grapes, watermelon, spinach, and many other crops.
In 2021, 12 percent of global permanent meadows and pastures belonged to China, as well as 8% of global cropland.
=== Biodiversity ===  China is one of 17 megadiverse countries, lying in two of the world's major biogeographic realms: the Palearctic and the Indomalayan.
By one measure, China has over 34,687 species of animals and vascular plants, making it the third-most biodiverse country in the world, after Brazil and Colombia.
The country is a party to the Convention on Biological Diversity; its National Biodiversity Strategy and Action Plan was received by the convention in 2010.
China is home to at least 551 species of mammals (the third-highest in the world), 1,221 species of birds (eighth), 424 species of reptiles (seventh) and 333 species of amphibians (seventh).
Wildlife in China shares habitat with, and bears acute pressure from, one of the world's largest population of humans.
At least 840 animal species are threatened, vulnerable or in danger of local extinction, due mainly to human activity such as habitat destruction, pollution and poaching for food, fur and traditional Chinese medicine.
Endangered wildlife is protected by law, and as of 2005, the country has over 2,349 nature reserves, covering a total area of 149.95 million hectares, 15 percent of China's total land area.
Most wild animals have been eliminated from the core agricultural regions of east and central China, but they have fared better in the mountainous south and west.
The Baiji was confirmed extinct on 12 December 2006.
China has over 32,000 species of vascular plants, and is home to a variety of forest types.
Cold coniferous forests predominate in the north of the country, supporting animal species such as moose and Asian black bear, along with over 120 bird species.
The understory of moist conifer forests may contain thickets of bamboo.
In higher montane stands of juniper and yew, the bamboo is replaced by rhododendrons.
Subtropical forests, which are predominate in central and southern China, support a high density of plant species including numerous rare endemics.
Tropical and seasonal rainforests, though confined to Yunnan and Hainan, contain a quarter of all the animal and plant species found in China.
China has over 10,000 recorded species of fungi.
=== Environment ===  In the early 2000s, China has suffered from environmental deterioration and pollution due to its rapid pace of industrialization.
Regulations such as the 1979 Environmental Protection Law are fairly stringent, though they are poorly enforced, frequently disregarded in favor of rapid economic development.
China has the second-highest death toll because of air pollution, after India, with approximately 1 million deaths.
Although China ranks as the highest CO2 emitting country, it only emits 8 tons of CO2 per capita, significantly lower than developed countries such as the United States (16.1), Australia (16.8) and South Korea (13.6).
Greenhouse gas emissions by China are the world's largest.
The country has significant water pollution problems; only 89.4% of China's national surface water was graded suitable for human consumption by the Ministry of Ecology and Environment in 2023.
China has prioritized clamping down on pollution, bringing a significant decrease in air pollution in the 2010s.
In 2020, the Chinese government announced its aims for the country to reach its peak emissions levels before 2030, and achieve carbon neutrality by 2060 in line with the Paris Agreement, which, according to Climate Action Tracker, would lower the expected rise in global temperature by 0.2–0.3 degrees – "the biggest single reduction ever estimated by the Climate Action Tracker".
According to China's government, the forest coverage of the country grew from 10% of the overall territory in 1949 to 25% in 2024.
China is the world's leading investor in renewable energy and its commercialization, with $546 billion invested in 2022; it the world's leading manufacturer of renewable energy technologies and invests heavily in local-scale renewable energy projects.
Long heavily relying on non-renewable energy sources such as coal, China's adaptation of renewable energy has increased significantly in recent years.
In 2024, 58.2% of China's electricity came from coal (largest producer in the world), 13.5% from hydroelectric power (largest), 9.8% from wind (largest), 8.3% from solar energy (largest), 4.4% from nuclear energy (second-largest), 3% from natural gas (fifth-largest), and 2.1% from bioenergy (largest); in total, 38% of China's energy came from clean energy sources.
Despite its emphasis on renewables, China remains deeply connected to global oil markets and next to India, has been the largest importer of Russian crude oil in 2022.
=== Political geography ===  China is the third-largest country in the world by land area after Russia, and the third- or fourth-largest country in the world by total area.
China's total area is generally stated as being approximately 9,600,000 km2 (3,700,000 sq mi).
Specific area figures range from 9,572,900 km2 (3,696,100 sq mi) according to the Encyclopædia Britannica, to 9,596,961 km2 (3,705,407 sq mi) according to the UN Demographic Yearbook, and The World Factbook.
China has the longest combined land border in the world, measuring 22,117 km (13,743 mi) and its coastline covers approximately 14,500 km (9,000 mi) from the mouth of the Yalu River (Amnok River) to the Gulf of Tonkin.
China borders 14 nations and covers the bulk of East Asia, bordering Vietnam, Laos, and Myanmar in Southeast Asia; India, Bhutan, Nepal, Pakistan and Afghanistan in South Asia; Tajikistan, Kyrgyzstan and Kazakhstan in Central Asia; and Russia, Mongolia, and North Korea in Inner Asia and Northeast Asia.
It is narrowly separated from Bangladesh and Thailand to the southwest and south, and has several maritime neighbors such as Japan, Philippines, Malaysia, and Indonesia.
China has resolved its land borders with 12 out of 14 neighboring countries, having pursued substantial compromises in most of them.
China currently has a disputed land border with India and Bhutan.
China is additionally involved in maritime disputes with multiple countries over territory in the East and South China Seas, such as the Senkaku Islands and the entirety of South China Sea Islands.
== Government and politics ==  The People's Republic of China is a communist state governed by the Chinese Communist Party (CCP).
The CCP describes itself as guided by socialism with Chinese characteristics, which is Marxism adapted to Chinese circumstances.
The Chinese constitution states that the PRC "is a socialist state governed by a people's democratic dictatorship that is led by the working class and based on an alliance of workers and peasants"; that the state institutions "shall practice the principle of democratic centralism"; and that "the defining feature of socialism with Chinese characteristics is the leadership of the Chinese Communist Party." The PRC officially characterizes itself as a democracy—more specifically, a whole-process people's democracy.
However, the country is commonly described as an authoritarian one-party state and a dictatorship, with some of the world's heaviest restrictions in many civil areas, most notably against freedom of the press, freedom of assembly, free formation of social organizations, freedom of religion and free access to the Internet.
China has consistently been ranked amongst the lowest as an "authoritarian regime" by the Economist Intelligence Unit's Democracy Index, ranking at 145th out of 167 countries in 2024.
Other sources suggest that terming China as "authoritarian" does not sufficiently account for the multiple consultation mechanisms that exist in the Chinese governmental system.
=== Chinese Communist Party ===  According to the CCP constitution, its highest body is the National Congress held every five years.
The National Congress elects the Central Committee, who then elects the party's Politburo, Politburo Standing Committee and the general secretary (party leader), the top leadership of the country.
The general secretary holds ultimate power and authority over party and state and serves as the informal paramount leader.
The current general secretary is Xi Jinping, who took office on 15 November 2012.
At the local level, the secretary of the CCP committee of a subdivision outranks the local government level; CCP committee secretary of a provincial division outranks the governor while the CCP committee secretary of a city outranks the mayor.
=== Government ===  The government in China is under the sole control of the CCP.
The CCP controls appointments in government bodies, with most senior government officials being CCP members.
The National People's Congress (NPC), with nearly 3,000-members, as the highest organ of state power holds the unified powers of the state, though observers often describe it as a "rubber stamp" body.
The NPC meets annually, while the NPC Standing Committee, around 150 members elected from NPC delegates, meets every couple of months.
Elections are indirect and not pluralistic, with nominations at all levels being controlled by the CCP.
The NPC is dominated by the CCP, with another eight minor parties having nominal representation under the condition of upholding CCP leadership.
The presidency is the ceremonial state representative, not the constitutional head of state.
The incumbent president is Xi Jinping, who is also the general secretary of the CCP and the chairman of the Central Military Commission, making him China's paramount leader and supreme commander of the Armed Forces.
The premier is the head of government, with Li Qiang being the incumbent.
The premier is officially nominated by the president and then elected by the NPC, and has generally been either the second- or third-ranking member of the Politburo Standing Committee (PSC).
The premier presides over the State Council, China's cabinet, composed of four vice premiers, state councillors, and the heads of ministries and commissions.
The Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC) is a political advisory body that is critical in China's "united front" system, which aims to gather non-CCP voices to support the CCP.
Similar to the people's congresses, CPPCCs have subdivisions; the National Committee of the CPPCC is chaired by Wang Huning, the fourth-ranking member of the PSC.
The governance of China is characterized by a high degree of political centralization but significant economic decentralization.
Policy instruments or processes are often tested locally before being applied more widely, resulting in a policy that involves experimentation and feedback.
Generally, central government leadership refrains from drafting specific policies, instead using the informal networks and site visits to affirm or suggest changes to the direction of local policy experiments or pilot programs.
The typical approach is that central government leadership begins drafting formal policies, law, or regulations after policy has been developed at local levels.
=== Administrative divisions ===  The PRC is constitutionally a unitary state divided into 23 provinces, five autonomous regions (each with a designated minority group), four direct-administered municipalities—collectively referred to as "mainland China"—as well as the special administrative regions (SARs) of Hong Kong and Macau.
The PRC regards the island of Taiwan as its Taiwan Province, Kinmen and Matsu as a part of Fujian Province, and islands the ROC controls in the South China Sea as a part of Hainan Province and Guangdong Province, even though all these territories are governed by the Republic of China (ROC).
Geographically, all 31 provincial divisions of mainland China can be grouped into six regions: North China, East China, Southwestern China, South Central China, Northeast China, and Northwestern China.
=== Foreign relations ===  The PRC has diplomatic relations with 179 United Nations member-states and maintains embassies in 174.
As of 2024, China has one of the largest diplomatic networks of any country in the world.
In 1971, the PRC replaced the ROC as the sole representative of China in the United Nations and as one of the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council.
It is a member of intergovernmental organizations including the G20, the SCO, the BRICS, the East Asia Summit, and the APEC.
China is also a former member and leader of the Non-Aligned Movement and still considers itself an advocate for developing countries.
The PRC officially maintains the one China principle: the view that there is only one sovereign state with the name "China"—represented by the PRC—and that Taiwan is part of that China.
The unique status of Taiwan has led to countries formally recognizing the PRC to maintain unique "one China policies" that differ from each other; some countries explicitly recognize the PRC's claim over Taiwan, while others, including the U.S.
Chinese officials have protested on numerous occasions when foreign countries have made diplomatic overtures to Taiwan, especially in the matter of armament sales.
Most countries have switched recognition from the ROC to the PRC since the latter replaced the former in the UN in 1971.
Much of current Chinese foreign policy is reportedly based on Premier Zhou Enlai's Five Principles of Peaceful Coexistence, as well as by the concept of "harmony without uniformity", which encourages diplomatic relations between states despite ideological differences.
This policy may have led China to support or maintain close ties with states that are regarded as dangerous and repressive by Western nations, such as Sudan, North Korea and Iran.
China's close relationship with Myanmar has involved support for its ruling governments as well as for its ethnic rebel groups, including the Arakan Army.
China has a close political, economic and military relationship with Russia, and the two states often vote in unison in the UN Security Council.
China provided Russia with economic and diplomatic support during the Russian invasion of Ukraine.
China's relationship with the United States is complex, and includes deep trade ties but significant political differences.
Since the early 2000s, China has followed a policy of engaging with African nations for trade and bilateral co-operation.
It maintains extensive and highly diversified trade links with the European Union, and became its largest trading partner for goods.
China is increasing its influence in Central Asia and South Pacific.
The country has strong trade ties with ASEAN countries and major South American economies, and is the largest trading partner of Brazil, Chile, Peru, Uruguay, Argentina, and several others.
In 2013, China initiated the Belt and Road Initiative (BRI), a large global infrastructure building initiative with funding on the order of $50–100 billion per year.
BRI could be one of the largest development plans in modern history.
It expanded significantly over the next six years and, as of April 2020, included 138 countries and 30 international organizations.
In addition to intensifying foreign policy relations, the focus is particularly on building efficient transport routes, especially the maritime Silk Road with its connections to East Africa and Europe.
However many loans made under the program are unsustainable and China has faced a number of calls for debt relief from debtor nations.
=== Military ===  The People's Liberation Army (PLA) is considered one of the world's most powerful militaries and has rapidly modernized in the recent decades.
Since 2024, it consists of four services: the Ground Force (PLAGF), the Navy (PLAN), the Air Force (PLAAF) and the Rocket Force (PLARF).
It also has four independent arms: the Aerospace Force, the Cyberspace Force, the Information Support Force, and the Joint Logistics Support Force, the first three of which were split from the disbanded Strategic Support Force (PLASSF).
Its nearly 2.2 million active duty personnel is the largest in the world.
The PLA holds the world's third-largest stockpile of nuclear weapons, and the world's second-largest navy by tonnage.
China's official military budget for 2024 totalled US$229 billion (1.67 trillion Yuan), the second-largest in the world, though SIPRI estimates that its real expenditure that year was US$314 billion, making up 12% of global military spending and accounting for 1.7% of the country's GDP.
According to SIPRI, its military spending from 2012 to 2021 averaged US$215 billion per year or 1.7 per cent of GDP, behind only the United States at US$734 billion per year or 3.6 per cent of GDP.
The PLA is commanded by the Central Military Commission (CMC) of the party and the state; though officially two separate organizations, the two CMCs have identical membership except during leadership transition periods and effectively function as one organization.
The chairman of the CMC is the commander-in-chief of the PLA.
=== Sociopolitical issues and human rights === The situation of human rights in China has attracted significant criticism from foreign governments, foreign press agencies, and non-governmental organizations, alleging widespread civil rights violations such as detention without trial, forced confessions, torture, restrictions of fundamental rights, and excessive use of the death penalty.
Since its inception, Freedom House has ranked China as "not free" in its Freedom in the World survey, while Amnesty International has documented significant human rights abuses.
The Chinese constitution states that the "fundamental rights" of citizens include freedom of speech, freedom of the press, the right to a fair trial, freedom of religion, universal suffrage, and property rights.
However, in practice, these provisions do not afford significant protection against criminal prosecution by the state.
China has limited protections regarding LGBT rights.
Although some criticisms of government policies and the ruling CCP are tolerated, censorship of political speech and information are amongst the harshest in the world and routinely used to prevent collective action.
China has the most comprehensive and sophisticated Internet censorship regime in the world called the Great Firewall, with numerous websites being blocked.
The government suppresses popular protests and demonstrations that it considers a potential threat to "social stability".
China additionally uses a massive surveillance network of cameras, facial recognition software, sensors, and surveillance of personal technology as a means of social control of persons living in the country.
China is regularly accused of large-scale repression and human rights abuses in Tibet and Xinjiang, where significant numbers of ethnic minorities reside, including violent police crackdowns and religious suppression.
Since 2017, the Chinese government has been engaged in a harsh crackdown in Xinjiang, with around one million Uyghurs and other ethnic and religion minorities being detained in internment camps aimed at changing the political thinking of detainees, their identities, and their religious beliefs.
According to Western reports, political indoctrination, torture, physical and psychological abuse, forced sterilization, sexual abuse, and forced labor are common in these facilities.
According to a 2020 Foreign Policy report, China's treatment of Uyghurs meets the UN definition of genocide, while a separate UN Human Rights Office report said they could potentially meet the definitions for crimes against humanity.
The Chinese authorities have also cracked down on dissent in Hong Kong, especially after the passage of a national security law in 2020.
In 2017 and 2020, the Pew Research Center ranked the severity of Chinese government restrictions on religion as being among the world's highest, despite ranking religious-related social hostilities in China as low in severity.
The Global Slavery Index estimated that in 2016 more than 3.8 million people (0.25% of the population) were living in "conditions of modern slavery", including victims of human trafficking, forced labor, forced marriage, child labor, and state-imposed forced labor.
The state-imposed re-education through labor (laojiao) system was formally abolished in 2013, but it is not clear to what extent its practices have stopped.
The much larger reform through labor (laogai) system includes labor prison factories, detention centers, and re-education camps; the Laogai Research Foundation has estimated in June 2008 that there were nearly 1,422 of these facilities, though it cautioned that this number was likely an underestimate.
=== Public views of government === Political concerns in China include the growing gap between rich and poor and government corruption.
Nonetheless, international surveys show the Chinese public have a high level of satisfaction with their government.
These views are generally attributed to the material comforts and security available to large segments of the Chinese populace as well as the government's attentiveness and responsiveness.
According to the World Values Survey (2022), 91% of Chinese respondents have significant confidence in their government.
A Harvard University survey published in July 2020 found that citizen satisfaction with the government had increased since 2003, also rating China's government as more effective and capable than ever in the survey's history.
== Economy ==  China has the world's second-largest economy in terms of nominal GDP, and the world's largest in terms of purchasing power parity (PPP).
As of 2022, China accounts for around 18% of the global economy by nominal GDP.
China is one of the world's fastest-growing major economies, with its economic growth having been almost consistently above 6 percent since the introduction of the reform and opening up policy in 1978.
According to the World Bank, China's GDP grew from $150 billion in 1978 to $17.96 trillion by 2022.
It ranks 64th by nominal GDP per capita, making it an upper-middle income country.
Of the world's 500 largest companies, 135 are headquartered in China.
As of at least 2024, China has the world's second-largest equity markets and futures markets, as well as the third-largest bond market.
China was one of the world's foremost economic powers throughout the arc of East Asian and global history.
The country had one of the largest economies in the world for most of the past two millennia, during which it has seen cycles of prosperity and decline.
Since economic reforms began in 1978, China has developed into a highly diversified economy and one of the most consequential players in international trade.
Major sectors of competitive strength include manufacturing, retail, mining, steel, textiles, automobiles, energy generation, green energy, banking, electronics, telecommunications, real estate, e-commerce, and tourism.
China has three out of the ten largest stock exchanges in the world—Shanghai, Hong Kong and Shenzhen—that together have a market capitalization of over $15.9 trillion, as of October 2020.
China has three out of the world's ten most competitive financial centers according to the 2024 Global Financial Centres Index—Shanghai, Hong Kong, and Shenzhen.
Modern-day China is often described as an example of state capitalism or party-state capitalism.
The state dominates in strategic "pillar" sectors such as energy production and heavy industries, but private enterprise has expanded enormously, with around 30 million private businesses recorded in 2008.
According to official statistics, privately owned companies constitute more than 60% of China's GDP.
China has been the world's largest manufacturing nation since 2010, after overtaking the U.S., which had been the largest for the previous hundred years.
China has also been the second-largest in high-tech manufacturing country since 2012, according to US National Science Foundation.
China is the second-largest retail market after the United States.
China leads the world in e-commerce, accounting for over 37% of the global market share in 2021.
The Chinese automotive industry is regarded as one of the most competitive and innovative in the world.
China is the world's leader in electric vehicle consumption and production, manufacturing and buying half of all the plug-in electric cars (BEV and PHEV) in the world as of 2022.
China is also the leading producer of batteries for electric vehicles as well as several key raw materials for batteries.
=== Tourism ===  China received 65.7 million international visitors in 2019, and in 2018 was the fourth-most-visited country in the world.
It also experiences an enormous volume of domestic tourism; Chinese tourists made an estimated 6 billion travels within the country in 2019.
China hosts the world's second-largest number of World Heritage Sites (60) after Italy, and is one of the most popular tourist destinations (first in the Asia-Pacific).
=== Wealth ===  China accounted for 18.6% of the world's total wealth in 2022, second highest in the world after the U.S.
China brought more people out of extreme poverty than any other country in history—between 1978 and 2018, China reduced extreme poverty by 800 million.
From 1990 to 2018, the proportion of the Chinese population living with an income of less than $1.90 per day (2011 PPP) decreased from 66.3% to 0.3%, the share living with an income of less than $3.20 per day from 90.0% to 2.9%, and the share living with an income of less than $5.50 per day decreased from 98.3% to 17.0%.
From 1978 to 2018, the average standard of living multiplied by a factor of twenty-six.
Wages in China have grown significantly in the last 40 years—real (inflation-adjusted) wages grew seven-fold from 1978 to 2007.
Per capita incomes have also risen significantly – when the PRC was founded in 1949, per capita income in China was one-fifth of the world average; per capita incomes now equal the world average itself.
China's development is highly uneven; its major cities and coastal areas are far more prosperous than its rural and interior regions.
It has a high level of economic inequality, which has increased quickly since the economic reforms.
Income inequality decreased in the 2010s, and China's Gini coefficient was 0.357 in 2021.
In March 2024, China ranked second in the world, after the U.S., in total number of billionaires and total number of millionaires, with 473 Chinese billionaires and 6.2 million millionaires.
as the home to the highest number of people who have a net personal wealth of at least $110,000, according to the global wealth report by Credit Suisse.
China had 85 female billionaires as of January 2021, two-thirds of the global total.
China has had the world's largest middle-class population since 2015; the middle-class grew to 500 million by 2024.
=== China in the global economy === China has been a member of the WTO since 2001 and is the world's largest trading power.
By 2016, China was the largest trading partner of 124 countries.
China became the world's largest trading nation in 2013 by the sum of imports and exports, as well as the world's largest commodity importer, accounting for roughly 45% of maritime's dry-bulk market.
China's foreign exchange reserves reached US$3.246 trillion as of March 2024, making its reserves by far the world's largest.
In 2022, China was amongst the world's largest recipient of inward foreign direct investment (FDI), attracting $180 billion, though most of these were speculated to be from Hong Kong.
In 2021, China's foreign exchange remittances were $US53 billion making it the second-largest recipient of remittances in the world.
China also invests abroad, with a total outward FDI of $147.9 billion in 2023, and a number of major takeovers of foreign firms by Chinese companies.
Economists have argued that the renminbi is undervalued, due to currency intervention from the Chinese government, giving China an unfair trade advantage.
China has also been widely criticized for manufacturing large quantities of counterfeit goods.
government has also alleged that China does not respect intellectual property (IP) rights and steals IP through espionage operations.
In 2023, Harvard University's Economic Complexity Index ranked complexity of China's exports 16th in the world, up from 24th in 2010.
The Chinese government has promoted the internationalization of the renminbi in order to wean itself off its dependence on the U.S.
dollar as a result of perceived weaknesses of the international monetary system.
The renminbi is a component of the IMF's special drawing rights and the world's fourth-most traded currency as of 2023.
However, partly due to capital controls that make the renminbi fall short of being a fully convertible currency, it remains far behind the Euro, the U.S.
Dollar and the Japanese Yen in international trade volumes.
=== Science and technology ===   ==== Historical ====  China was a world leader in science and technology until the Ming dynasty.
Ancient and medieval Chinese discoveries and inventions, such as papermaking, printing, the compass, and gunpowder (the Four Great Inventions), became widespread across East Asia, the Middle East and later Europe.
Chinese mathematicians were the first to use negative numbers.
By the 17th century, the Western World surpassed China in scientific and technological advancement.
The causes of this early modern Great Divergence continue to be debated by scholars.
After repeated military defeats by the European colonial powers and Imperial Japan in the 19th century, Chinese reformers began promoting modern science and technology as part of the Self-Strengthening Movement.
After the Communists came to power in 1949, efforts were made to organize science and technology based on the model of the Soviet Union, in which scientific research was part of central planning.
After Mao's death in 1976, science and technology were promoted as one of the Four Modernizations, and the Soviet-inspired academic system was gradually reformed.
==== Modern era ==== Since the end of the Cultural Revolution, China has made significant investments in scientific research and is quickly catching up with the U.S.
China officially spent around 2.7% of its GDP on R&D in 2024, totaling to around $496 billion.
According to the World Intellectual Property Indicators, China received more applications than the U.S.
did in 2018 and 2019 and ranked first globally in patents, utility models, trademarks, industrial designs, and creative goods exports in 2021.
It was ranked 10th in the Global Innovation Index in 2025, a considerable improvement from its rank of 35th in 2013.
Chinese supercomputers are ranked among the fastest in the world.
Its efforts to develop the most advanced semiconductors and jet engines have seen delays and setbacks.
China is developing its education system with an emphasis on science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM).
Its academic publication apparatus became the world's largest publisher of scientific papers in 2016.
In 2022, China overtook the US in the Nature Index, which measures the share of published articles in leading scientific journals.
===== Space program =====  The Chinese space program started in 1958 with some technology transfers from the Soviet Union.
However, it did not launch the nation's first satellite until 1970 with the Dong Fang Hong I, which made China the fifth country to do so independently.
In 2003, China became the third country in the world to independently send humans into space with Yang Liwei's spaceflight aboard Shenzhou 5.
As of 2023, eighteen Chinese nationals have journeyed into space, including two women.
In 2011, China launched its first space station testbed, Tiangong-1.
In 2013, a Chinese robotic rover Yutu successfully touched down on the lunar surface as part of the Chang'e 3 mission.
In 2019, China became the first country to land a probe—Chang'e 4—on the far side of the Moon.
In 2020, Chang'e 5 successfully returned Moon samples to the Earth, making China the third country to do so independently.
In 2021, China became the third country to land a spacecraft on Mars and the second one to deploy a rover (Zhurong) on Mars.
China completed its own modular space station, the Tiangong, in low Earth orbit on 3 November 2022.
On 29 November 2022, China performed its first in-orbit crew handover aboard the Tiangong.
In May 2023, China announced a plan to land humans on the Moon by 2030.
To that end, China has been developing a lunar-capable super-heavy launcher, the Long March 10, a new crewed spacecraft, and a crewed lunar lander.
China sent Chang'e 6 on 3 May 2024, which conducted the first lunar sample return from Apollo Basin on the far side of the Moon.
This is China's second lunar sample return mission, the first was achieved by Chang'e 5 from the lunar near side 4 years ago.
It also carried a Chinese rover called Jinchan to conduct infrared spectroscopy of lunar surface and imaged Chang'e 6 lander on lunar surface.
== Infrastructure == After a decades-long infrastructural boom, China has produced numerous world-leading infrastructural projects: it has the largest high-speed rail network, the most supertall skyscrapers, the largest power plant (the Three Gorges Dam), the most extensive ultra-high-voltage transmission network and innovation infrastructure, and a global satellite navigation system with the largest number of satellites.
=== Telecommunications ===  China is the largest telecom market in the world and currently has the largest number of active cellphones of any country, with over 1.7 billion subscribers, as of February 2023.
It has the largest number of internet and broadband users, with over 1.1 billion Internet users as of December 2024—equivalent to around 78.6% of its population.
By 2018, China had more than 1 billion 4G users, accounting for 40% of world's total.
China is making rapid advances in 5G—by late 2018, China had started large-scale and commercial 5G trials.
As of December 2023, China had over 810 million 5G users and 3.38 million base stations installed.
China requires a real-name system for Internet services and online platforms.
China Mobile, China Unicom and China Telecom, are the three large providers of mobile and internet in China.
China Telecom alone served more than 145 million broadband subscribers and 300 million mobile users; China Unicom had about 300 million subscribers; and China Mobile, the largest of them all, had 925 million users, as of 2018.
Combined, the three operators had over 3.4 million 4G base-stations in China.
Several Chinese telecommunications companies, most notably Huawei and ZTE, have been accused of spying for the Chinese military.
China has developed its own satellite navigation system, dubbed BeiDou, which began offering commercial navigation services across Asia in 2012 as well as global services by the end of 2018.
Beidou followed GPS and GLONASS as the third completed global navigation satellite.
=== Transport ===  Since the late 1990s, China's national road network has been significantly expanded through the creation of a network of national highways and expressways.
In 2022, China's highways had reached a total length of 177,000 km (110,000 mi), making it the longest highway system in the world.
China has the world's largest market for automobiles, having surpassed the United States in both auto sales and production.
The country is the world's largest exporter of cars by number as of 2023.
A side-effect of the rapid growth of China's road network has been a significant rise in traffic accidents.
In urban areas, bicycles remain a common mode of transport, despite the increasing prevalence of automobiles – as of 2023, there are approximately 200 million bicycles in China.
China's railways, which are operated by the state-owned China State Railway Group Company, are among the busiest in the world, handling a quarter of the world's rail traffic volume on only 6 percent of the world's tracks in 2006.
As of 2023, the country had 159,000 km (98,798 mi) of railways, the second-longest network in the world.
The railways strain to meet enormous demand particularly during the Chinese New Year holiday, when the world's largest annual human migration takes place.
China's high-speed rail (HSR) system started construction in the early 2000s.
By the end of 2024, high speed rail in China had reached 48,000 kilometers (29,826 miles) of dedicated lines alone, making it the longest HSR network in the world.
Services on the Beijing–Shanghai, Beijing–Tianjin, and Chengdu–Chongqing lines reach up to 350 km/h (217 mph), making them the fastest conventional high speed railway services in the world.
With an annual ridership of over 3.3 billion passengers in 2024, it is the world's busiest.
The network includes the Beijing–Guangzhou high-speed railway, the single longest HSR line in the world, and the Beijing–Shanghai high-speed railway, which has three of longest railroad bridges in the world.
The Shanghai maglev train, which reaches 431 km/h (268 mph), is the fastest commercial train service in the world.
Since 2000, the growth of rapid transit systems in Chinese cities has accelerated.
As of December 2023, 55 Chinese cities have urban mass transit systems in operation.
As of 2020, China boasts the five longest metro systems in the world with the networks in Shanghai, Beijing, Guangzhou, Chengdu and Shenzhen being the largest.
The civil aviation industry in China is mostly state-dominated, with the Chinese government retaining a majority stake in the majority of Chinese airlines.
The top three airlines in China are Air China, China Southern Airlines, and China Eastern Airlines, which collectively made up 71% of the market in 2018, are all state-owned.
Air travel has expanded rapidly in the last decades, with the number of passengers increasing from 16.6 million in 1990 to 551.2 million in 2017.
China had approximately 259 airports in 2024.
China has over 2,000 river and seaports, about 130 of which are open to foreign shipping.
Of the fifty busiest container ports, 18 are located in China, of which the busiest is the Port of Shanghai, also the busiest port in the world.
The country's inland waterways are the world's sixth-longest, and total 27,700 km (17,212 mi).
=== Water supply and sanitation ===  Water supply and sanitation infrastructure in China is facing challenges such as rapid urbanization, as well as water scarcity, contamination, and pollution.
According to the Joint Monitoring Program for Water Supply and Sanitation, 93% of rural households had access to basic sanitation in 2022 (up from 77% in 2015).
The ongoing South–North Water Transfer Project intends to abate water shortage in the north.
== Demographics ==  The 2020 Chinese census recorded the population as approximately 1,411,778,724.
About 17.95% were 14 years old or younger, 63.35% were between 15 and 59 years old, and 18.7% were over 60 years old.
Between 2010 and 2020, the average population growth rate was 0.53%.
Given concerns about population growth, China implemented a two-child limit during the 1970s, and, in 1979, began to advocate for an even stricter limit of one child per family.
Beginning in the mid-1980s, however, given the unpopularity of the strict limits, China began to allow some major exemptions, particularly in rural areas, resulting in what was actually a "1.5"-child policy from the mid-1980s to 2015; ethnic minorities were also exempt from one-child limits.
The next major loosening of the policy was enacted in December 2013, allowing families to have two children if one parent is an only child.
In 2016, the one-child policy was replaced in favor of a two-child policy.
A three-child policy was announced on 31 May 2021, due to population aging, and in July 2021, all family size limits as well as penalties for exceeding them were removed.
In 2023, the total fertility rate was reported to be 1.09, ranking among the lowest in the world.
In 2023, National Bureau of Statistics estimated that the population fell 850,000 from 2021 to 2022, the first decline since 1961.
According to one group of scholars, one-child limits had little effect on population growth or total population size.
However, these scholars have been challenged.
The policy, along with traditional preference for boys, may have contributed to an imbalance in the sex ratio at birth.
The 2020 census found that males accounted for 51.2% of the total population.
However, China's sex ratio is more balanced than it was in 1953, when males accounted for 51.8% of the population.
=== Urbanization ===  China has urbanized significantly in recent decades.
The percent of the country's population living in urban areas increased from 20% in 1980 to over 67% in 2024.
China has over 160 cities with a population of over one million, including the 18 megacities as of 2024 (cities with a population of over 10 million) of Chongqing, Shanghai, Beijing, Chengdu, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Tianjin, Xi'an, Suzhou, Zhengzhou, Wuhan, Hangzhou, Linyi, Shijiazhuang, Dongguan, Qingdao, Changsha and Hefei.
The total permanent population of Chongqing, Shanghai, Beijing and Chengdu is above 20 million.
Shanghai is China's most populous urban area while Chongqing is its largest city proper, the only city in China with a permanent population of over 30 million.
The figures in the table below are from the 2020 census, and are only estimates of the urban populations within administrative city limits; a different ranking exists for total municipal populations.
The large "floating populations" of migrant workers make conducting censuses in urban areas difficult; the figures below include only long-term residents.
=== Ethnic groups ===  China legally recognizes 56 distinct ethnic groups, who comprise the Zhonghua minzu.
The largest of these nationalities are the Han Chinese, who constitute more than 91% of the total population.
The Han Chinese – the world's largest single ethnic group – outnumber other ethnic groups in every place excluding Tibet, Xinjiang, Linxia, and autonomous prefectures like Xishuangbanna.
Ethnic minorities account for less than 10% of the population of China, according to the 2020 census.
Compared with the 2010 population census, the Han population increased by 60,378,693 persons, or 4.93%, while the population of the 55 national minorities combined increased by 11,675,179 persons, or 10.26%.
The 2020 census recorded a total of 845,697 foreign nationals living in mainland China.
=== Languages ===  There are as many as 292 living languages in China.
The languages most commonly spoken belong to the Sinitic branch of the Sino-Tibetan language family, which contains Mandarin (spoken by 80% of the population), and other varieties of Chinese language: Jin, Wu, Min, Hakka, Yue, Xiang, Gan, Hui, Ping and unclassified Tuhua (Shaozhou Tuhua and Xiangnan Tuhua).
Languages of the Tibeto-Burman branch, including Tibetan, Qiang, Naxi and Yi, are spoken across the Tibetan and Yunnan–Guizhou Plateau.
Other ethnic minority languages in southwestern China include Zhuang, Thai, Dong and Sui of the Tai-Kadai family, Miao and Yao of the Hmong–Mien family, and Wa of the Austroasiatic family.
Across northeastern and northwestern China, local ethnic groups speak Altaic languages including Manchu, Mongolian and several Turkic languages: Uyghur, Kazakh, Kyrgyz, Salar and Western Yugur.
Korean is spoken natively along the border with North Korea.
Sarikoli, the language of Tajiks in western Xinjiang, is an Indo-European language.
Taiwanese indigenous peoples, including a small population on the mainland, speak Austronesian languages.
Standard Chinese, a variety based on the Beijing dialect of Mandarin, is the national language of China, having de facto official status.
It is used as a lingua franca between people of different linguistic backgrounds.
In the autonomous regions of China, other languages may also serve as a lingua franca, such as Uyghur in Xinjiang, where governmental services in Uyghur are constitutionally guaranteed.
=== Religion ===  Freedom of religion is guaranteed by China's constitution, although religious organizations that lack official approval can be subject to state persecution.
The government of the country is officially atheist, and the Chinese Communist Party requires its members to be atheist.
Religious affairs and issues in the country are overseen by the National Religious Affairs Administration, under the CCP's United Front Work Department.
Over the millennia, the Chinese civilization has been influenced by various religious movements.
The "three doctrines" of Confucianism, Taoism, and Buddhism have historically shaped Chinese culture, enriching a theological and spiritual framework of traditional religion which harks back to the early Shang and Zhou dynasty.
Chinese folk religion, which is framed by the three doctrines and by other traditions, consists in allegiance to the shen, who can be deities of the surrounding nature or ancestral principles of human groups, concepts of civility, culture heroes, many of whom feature in Chinese mythology and history.
Amongst the most popular cults of folk religion are those of the Yellow Emperor, embodiment of the God of Heaven and one of the two divine patriarchs of the Chinese people, of Mazu (goddess of the seas), Guandi (god of war and business), Caishen (god of prosperity and richness), Pangu and many others.
In the early decades of the 21st century, the Chinese government has been engaged in a rehabilitation of folk cults—formally recognizing them as "folk beliefs" as distinguished from doctrinal religions, and often reconstructing them into forms of "highly curated" civil religion—as well as in a national and international promotion of Buddhism.
China is home to many of the world's tallest religious statues, representing either deities of Chinese folk religion or enlightened beings of Buddhism; the tallest of all is the Spring Temple Buddha in Henan.
Statistics on religious affiliation in China are difficult to gather due to complex and varying definitions of religion and the diffusive nature of Chinese religious traditions.
Scholars note that in China there is no clear boundary between the three doctrines and local folk religious practices.
Chinese religions or some of their currents are also definable as non-theistic and humanistic, since they do not hold that divine creativity is completely transcendent, but that it is inherent in the world and in particular in the human being.
In 2023, according to surveys done by Pew Research, 93% of respondents were formally unaffiliated with any religion.
However, in terms of practices, 75% visit family graveyards each year, 47% believe in feng shui, 33% believe in buddha, 26% burn incense to deities each year and 18% believe in taoist deities.
These are not exclusive beliefs and often these will overlap as the respondents will have multiple beliefs at the same time.
For example, of those 33% who believe in buddha, a significant portion also believe in figures such as Taoist immortals, Jesus Christ, Catholic God and Allah.
Chinese folk religion also comprises a variety of salvationist doctrinal organized movements which emerged since the Song dynasty.
There are also ethnic minorities in China who maintain their own indigenous religions, while major religions characteristic of specific ethnic groups include Tibetan Buddhism among Tibetans, Mongols and Yugurs, and Islam among the Hui, Uyghur, Kazakh, and Kyrgyz peoples, and other ethnicities in the northern and northwestern regions of the country.
=== Education ===  Compulsory education in China comprises primary and junior secondary school, which together last for nine years from the age of 6 and 15.
The Gaokao, China's national university entrance exam, is a prerequisite for entrance into most higher education institutions.
Vocational education is available to students at the secondary and tertiary level.
More than 10 million Chinese students graduated from vocational colleges every year.
In 2023, about 92.0 percent of students continued their education at a three-year senior secondary school, while 60.8 percent of secondary school graduates were enrolled in higher education.
China has the largest education system in the world, with about 287 million students and 18.85 million full-time teachers in over 470,300 schools in 2023.
Annual education investment went from less than US$50 billion in 2003 to more than US$817 billion in 2020.
However, there remains an inequality in education spending.
In 2010, the annual education expenditure per secondary school student in Beijing totalled ¥20,023, while in Guizhou, one of the poorest provinces, it only totalled ¥3,204.
China's literacy rate has grown dramatically, from only 20% in 1949 and 65.5% in 1979, to 97% of the population over age 15 in 2020.
As of 2024, China has over 3,167 universities, with over 47.6 million students enrolled in mainland China, giving China the largest higher education system in the world.
As of 2025, China had the world's highest number of top universities.
Currently, China trails only the United States and the United Kingdom in terms of representation on lists of the top 200 universities according to the 2024 Aggregate Ranking of Top Universities, a composite ranking system of three world-most followed university rankings (ARWU+QS+THE).
China had five universities listed among the world's top 50, placing it third after the United States and the United Kingdom based on aggregate performance from four widely observed university rankings (THE+ARWU+QS+US News).
China is home to two of the highest-ranking universities (Tsinghua University and Peking University) in Asia and emerging economies, according to the Times Higher Education World University Rankings and the Academic Ranking of World Universities.
These universities are members of the C9 League, an alliance of elite Chinese universities offering comprehensive and leading education.
=== Health ===  The National Health Commission, together with its counterparts in the local commissions, oversees the health needs of the population.
An emphasis on public health and preventive medicine has characterized Chinese health policy since the early 1950s.
The Communist Party started the Patriotic Health Campaign, which was aimed at improving sanitation and hygiene, as well as treating and preventing several diseases.
Diseases such as cholera, typhoid and scarlet fever, which were previously rife in China, were nearly eradicated by the campaign.
After Deng Xiaoping began instituting economic reforms in 1978, the health of the Chinese public improved rapidly because of better nutrition, although many of the free public health services provided in the countryside disappeared.
Healthcare in China became mostly privatized, and experienced a significant rise in quality.
In 2009, the government began a three-year large-scale healthcare provision initiative worth US$124 billion.
By 2011, the campaign resulted in 95% of China's population having basic health insurance coverage.
By 2022, China had established itself as a key producer and exporter of pharmaceuticals, producing around 40 percent of active pharmaceutical ingredients in 2017.
As of 2024, the life expectancy at birth exceeds 79 years.
As of 2023, the infant mortality rate is 5 per thousand.
Both have improved significantly since the 1950s.
Rates of stunting, a condition caused by malnutrition, have declined from 33.1% in 1990 to 4.5% in 2024.
Despite significant improvements in health and the construction of advanced medical facilities, China has several emerging public health problems, such as respiratory illnesses caused by widespread air pollution, hundreds of millions of cigarette smokers, and an increase in obesity among urban youths.
In 2010, air pollution caused 1.2 million premature deaths in China.
Chinese mental health services are inadequate.
China's large population and densely populated cities have led to serious disease outbreaks, such as SARS in 2003, although this has since been largely contained.
The COVID-19 pandemic was first identified in Wuhan in December 2019; pandemic led the government to enforce strict public health measures intended to completely eradicate the virus, a goal that was eventually abandoned in December 2022 after protests against the policy.
== Culture and society ==  Since ancient times, Chinese culture has been heavily influenced by Confucianism.
Chinese culture, in turn, has heavily influenced East Asia and Southeast Asia.
For much of the country's dynastic era, opportunities for social advancement could be provided by high performance in the prestigious imperial examinations, which have their origins in the Han dynasty.
The literary emphasis of the exams affected the general perception of cultural refinement in China, such as the belief that calligraphy, poetry and painting were higher forms of art than dancing or drama.
Chinese culture has long emphasized a sense of deep history and a largely inward-looking national perspective.
Examinations and a culture of merit remain greatly valued in China today.
Today, the Chinese government has accepted numerous elements of traditional Chinese culture as being integral to Chinese society.
With the rise of Chinese nationalism and the end of the Cultural Revolution, various forms of traditional Chinese art, literature, music, film, fashion and architecture have seen a vigorous revival, and folk and variety art in particular have sparked interest nationally and even worldwide.
Access to foreign media remains heavily restricted.
=== Architecture ===  Chinese architecture has developed over millennia in China and has remained a vestigial source of perennial influence on the development of East Asian architecture, including in Japan, Korea, and Mongolia.
and minor influences on the architecture of Southeast and South Asia including the countries of Malaysia, Singapore, Indonesia, Sri Lanka, Thailand, Laos, Cambodia, Vietnam and the Philippines.
Chinese architecture is characterized by bilateral symmetry, use of enclosed open spaces, feng shui (e.g.
directional hierarchies), a horizontal emphasis, and an allusion to various cosmological, mythological or in general symbolic elements.
Chinese architecture traditionally classifies structures according to type, ranging from pagodas to palaces.
Chinese architecture varies widely based on status or affiliation, such as whether the structures were constructed for emperors, commoners, or for religious purposes.
Other variations in Chinese architecture are shown in vernacular styles associated with different geographic regions and different ethnic heritages, such as the stilt houses in the south, the Yaodong buildings in the northwest, the yurt buildings of nomadic people, and the Siheyuan buildings in the north.
=== Literature ===  Chinese literature has its roots in the Zhou dynasty's literary tradition.
The classical texts of China encompass a wide range of thoughts and subjects, such as the calendar, military, astrology, herbology, and geography, as well as many others.
Among the most significant early works are the I Ching and the Shujing, which are part of the Four Books and Five Classics.
These texts were the cornerstone of the Confucian curriculum sponsored by the state throughout the dynastic periods.
Inherited from the Classic of Poetry, classical Chinese poetry developed to its floruit during the Tang dynasty.
Li Bai and Du Fu opened the forking ways for the poetic circles through romanticism and realism respectively.
Chinese historiography began with the Shiji, the overall scope of the historiographical tradition in China is termed the Twenty-Four Histories, which set a vast stage for Chinese fictions along with Chinese mythology and folklore.
Pushed by a burgeoning citizen class in the Ming dynasty, Chinese classical fiction rose to a boom of the historical, town and gods and demons fictions as represented by the Four Great Classical Novels which include Water Margin, Romance of the Three Kingdoms, Journey to the West and Dream of the Red Chamber.
Along with the wuxia fictions of Jin Yong and Liang Yusheng, it remains an enduring source of popular culture in the Chinese sphere of influence.
In the wake of the New Culture Movement after the end of the Qing dynasty, Chinese literature embarked on a new era with written vernacular Chinese for ordinary citizens.
Hu Shih and Lu Xun were pioneers in modern literature.
Various literary genres, such as misty poetry, scar literature, young adult fiction and the xungen literature, which is influenced by magic realism, emerged following the Cultural Revolution.
Mo Yan, a xungen literature author, was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature in 2012.
=== Music ===  Chinese music covers a highly diverse range of music from traditional music to modern music.
Chinese music dates back before the pre-imperial times.
Traditional Chinese musical instruments were traditionally grouped into eight categories known as bayin (八音).
Traditional Chinese opera is a form of musical theatre in China originating thousands of years and has regional style forms such as Beijing and Cantonese opera.
Chinese pop (C-Pop) includes mandopop and cantopop.
Chinese hip hop and Hong Kong hip hop have become popular.
=== Fashion ===  Hanfu is the historical clothing of the Han people in China.
The qipao or cheongsam is a popular Chinese female dress.
The hanfu movement has been popular in contemporary times and seeks to revitalize Hanfu clothing.
China Fashion Week is the country's only national-level fashion festival.
=== Media ===  The mass media of China primarily consists of television, newspapers, radio, and magazines.
State media outlets operate under the control of the CCP.
The largest media organizations are the People's Daily, Xinhua News Agency, and the China Media Group consisting of China Central Television, China Global Television Network, China National Radio and China Radio International.
Cinema was first introduced to China in 1896 and the first Chinese film, Dingjun Mountain, was released in 1905.
China has had the largest number of movie screens in the world since 2016; China became the largest cinema market in 2020.
The top three highest-grossing films in China as of 2025 were Ne Zha 2 (2025), The Battle at Lake Changjin (2021), and Wolf Warrior 2 (2017).
=== Cuisine ===  Chinese cuisine is highly diverse, drawing on several millennia of culinary history and geographical variety, in which the most influential are known as the "Eight Major Cuisines", including Sichuan, Cantonese, Jiangsu, Shandong, Fujian, Hunan, Anhui, and Zhejiang cuisines.
Chinese cuisine is known for its breadth of cooking methods and ingredients.
China's staple food is rice in the northeast and south, and wheat-based breads and noodles in the north.
Bean products such as tofu and soy milk remain a popular source of protein.
Pork is now the most popular meat in China, accounting for about three-fourths of the country's total meat consumption.
There is also the vegetarian Buddhist cuisine and the pork-free Chinese Islamic cuisine.
Chinese cuisine, due to the area's proximity to the ocean and milder climate, has a wide variety of seafood and vegetables.
Offshoots of Chinese food, such as Hong Kong cuisine and American Chinese cuisine, have emerged in the Chinese diaspora.
=== Sports ===  China has one of the oldest sporting cultures.
There is evidence that archery (shèjiàn) was practiced during the Western Zhou dynasty.
Swordplay (jiànshù) and cuju, a sport loosely related to association football date back to China's early dynasties as well.
Physical fitness is widely emphasized in Chinese culture, with morning exercises such as qigong and tai chi widely practiced, and commercial gyms and private fitness clubs are gaining popularity.
Basketball is the most popular spectator sport in China.
The Chinese Basketball Association and the American National Basketball Association also have a huge national following amongst the Chinese populace, with native-born and NBA-bound Chinese players and well-known national household names such as Yao Ming and Yi Jianlian being held in high esteem.
China's professional football league, known as Chinese Super League, is the largest football market in East Asia.
Other popular sports include martial arts, table tennis, badminton, swimming and snooker.
China is home to a huge number of cyclists, with an estimated 470 million bicycles as of 2012.
China has the world's largest esports market.
Many more traditional sports, such as dragon boat racing, Mongolian-style wrestling and horse racing are also popular.
China has participated in the Olympic Games since 1932, although it has only participated as the PRC since 1952.
China hosted the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, where its athletes received 48 gold medals – the highest number of any participating nation that year.
China also won the most medals at the 2012 Summer Paralympics, with 231 overall, including 95 gold.
In 2011, Shenzhen hosted the 2011 Summer Universiade.
China hosted the 2013 East Asian Games in Tianjin and the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics in Nanjing, the first country to host both regular and Youth Olympics.
Beijing and its nearby city Zhangjiakou collaboratively hosted the 2022 Winter Olympics, making Beijing the first dual Olympic city by holding both the Summer Olympics and the Winter Olympics.
China hosted the Asian Games in 1990 (Beijing), 2010 (Guangzhou), and 2023 (Hangzhou).
== See also ==  Outline of China   == Notes ==   == References ==   == Further reading ==   == External links ==   === Government === The Central People's Government of People's Republic of China (in English)   === General information === China at a Glance from People's Daily China at the Encyclopædia Britannica Country profile – China at BBC News China.
China, People's Republic of (archived 2012) from UCB Libraries GovPubs   === Maps === Google Maps—China  Wikimedia Atlas of the People's Republic of China  Geographic data related to China at OpenStreetMap
Distributed computing is a field of computer science that studies distributed systems, defined as computer systems whose inter-communicating components are located on different networked computers.
The components of a distributed system communicate and coordinate their actions by passing messages to one another in order to achieve a common goal.
Three challenges of distributed systems are: maintaining concurrency of components, overcoming the lack of a global clock, and managing the independent failure of components.
When a component of one system fails, the entire system does not fail.
Examples of distributed systems vary from SOA-based systems to microservices to massively multiplayer online games to peer-to-peer applications.
Distributed systems cost more than monolithic architectures, primarily due to increased needs for additional hardware, servers, gateways, firewalls, new subnets, proxies, and so on.
Distributed systems can also suffer from fallacies of distributed computing.
Conversely, a well-designed distributed system is more scalable, more durable, more changeable, and more fine-tuned than a monolithic application deployed on a single machine.
According to Marc Brooker: "a system is scalable in the range where marginal cost of additional workload is nearly constant." Serverless technologies fit this definition but the total cost of ownership, and not just the infra cost must be considered.
A computer program that runs within a distributed system is called a distributed program, and distributed programming is the process of writing such programs.
There are many types of implementations for the message-passing mechanism, including pure HTTP, RPC-like connectors, and message queues.
Distributed computing also refers to the use of distributed systems to solve computational problems.
In distributed computing, a problem is divided into many tasks, each of which is solved by one or more computers, which communicate with each other via message passing.
== Introduction == The word distributed in terms such as "distributed system", "distributed programming", and "distributed algorithm" originally referred to computer networks where individual computers were physically distributed within some geographical area.
The terms are nowadays used in a much wider sense, even referring to autonomous processes that run on the same physical computer and interact with each other by message passing.
There is no single definition of a distributed system, but two common properties are generally cited:  There are several autonomous computational entities (computers or nodes), each of which has its own local memory.
The entities communicate with each other by message passing.
A distributed system may have a common goal, such as solving a large computational problem; the user then perceives the collection of autonomous processors as a unit.
Alternatively, each computer may have its own user with individual needs, and the purpose of the distributed system is to coordinate the use of shared resources or provide communication services to the users.
Other typical properties of distributed systems are:  The system must tolerate failures in individual computers.
The structure of the system (network topology, network latency, number of computers) is not known in advance.
The system may consist of different kinds of computers and network links.
The system may change during the execution of a distributed program.
Each computer has a limited, incomplete view of the system.
Each computer may know only one part of the input.
== Patterns == Here are common architectural patterns used for distributed computing:  Saga interaction pattern Microservices Event driven architecture   == Events vs.
Messages == In distributed systems, events represent a fact or state change (e.g., OrderPlaced) and are typically broadcast asynchronously to multiple consumers, promoting loose coupling and scalability.
While events generally don't expect an immediate response, acknowledgment mechanisms are often implemented at the infrastructure level (e.g., Kafka commit offsets, SNS delivery statuses) rather than being an inherent part of the event pattern itself.
In contrast, messages serve a broader role, encompassing commands (e.g., ProcessPayment), events (e.g., PaymentProcessed), and documents (e.g., DataPayload).
Both events and messages can support various delivery guarantees, including at-least-once, at-most-once, and exactly-once, depending on the technology stack and implementation.
However, exactly-once delivery is often achieved through idempotency mechanisms rather than true, infrastructure-level exactly-once semantics.
Delivery patterns for both events and messages include publish/subscribe (one-to-many) and point-to-point (one-to-one).
While request/reply is technically possible, it is more commonly associated with messaging patterns rather than pure event-driven systems.
Events excel at state propagation and decoupled notifications, while messages are better suited for command execution, workflow orchestration, and explicit coordination.
Modern architectures commonly combine both approaches, leveraging events for distributed state change notifications and messages for targeted command execution and structured workflows based on specific timing, ordering, and delivery requirements.
== Parallel and distributed computing ==  Distributed systems are groups of networked computers which share a common goal for their work.
The terms "concurrent computing", "parallel computing", and "distributed computing" have much overlap, and no clear distinction exists between them.
The same system may be characterized both as "parallel" and "distributed"; the processors in a typical distributed system run concurrently in parallel.
Parallel computing may be seen as a particularly tightly coupled form of distributed computing, and distributed computing may be seen as a loosely coupled form of parallel computing.
Nevertheless, it is possible to roughly classify concurrent systems as "parallel" or "distributed" using the following criteria:  In parallel computing, all processors may have access to a shared memory to exchange information between processors.
In distributed computing, each processor has its own private memory (distributed memory).
Information is exchanged by passing messages between the processors.
The figure on the right illustrates the difference between distributed and parallel systems.
Figure (a) is a schematic view of a typical distributed system; the system is represented as a network topology in which each node is a computer and each line connecting the nodes is a communication link.
Figure (b) shows the same distributed system in more detail: each computer has its own local memory, and information can be exchanged only by passing messages from one node to another by using the available communication links.
Figure (c) shows a parallel system in which each processor has a direct access to a shared memory.
The situation is further complicated by the traditional uses of the terms parallel and distributed algorithm that do not quite match the above definitions of parallel and distributed systems (see below for more detailed discussion).
Nevertheless, as a rule of thumb, high-performance parallel computation in a shared-memory multiprocessor uses parallel algorithms while the coordination of a large-scale distributed system uses distributed algorithms.
== History == The use of concurrent processes which communicate through message-passing has its roots in operating system architectures studied in the 1960s.
The first widespread distributed systems were local-area networks such as Ethernet, which was invented in the 1970s.
ARPANET, one of the predecessors of the Internet, was introduced in the late 1960s, and ARPANET e-mail was invented in the early 1970s.
E-mail became the most successful application of ARPANET, and it is probably the earliest example of a large-scale distributed application.
In addition to ARPANET (and its successor, the global Internet), other early worldwide computer networks included Usenet and FidoNet from the 1980s, both of which were used to support distributed discussion systems.
The study of distributed computing became its own branch of computer science in the late 1970s and early 1980s.
The first conference in the field, Symposium on Principles of Distributed Computing (PODC), dates back to 1982, and its counterpart International Symposium on Distributed Computing (DISC) was first held in Ottawa in 1985 as the International Workshop on Distributed Algorithms on Graphs.
== Architectures == Various hardware and software architectures are used for distributed computing.
At a lower level, it is necessary to interconnect multiple CPUs with some sort of network, regardless of whether that network is printed onto a circuit board or made up of loosely coupled devices and cables.
At a higher level, it is necessary to interconnect processes running on those CPUs with some sort of communication system.
Whether these CPUs share resources or not determines a first distinction between three types of architecture:  Shared memory Shared disk Shared nothing.
Distributed programming typically falls into one of several basic architectures: client–server, three-tier, n-tier, or peer-to-peer; or categories: loose coupling, or tight coupling.
Client–server: architectures where smart clients contact the server for data then format and display it to the users.
Input at the client is committed back to the server when it represents a permanent change.
Three-tier: architectures that move the client intelligence to a middle tier so that stateless clients can be used.
n-tier: architectures that refer typically to web applications which further forward their requests to other enterprise services.
This type of application is the one most responsible for the success of application servers.
Peer-to-peer: architectures where there are no special machines that provide a service or manage the network resources.
Instead all responsibilities are uniformly divided among all machines, known as peers.
Peers can serve both as clients and as servers.
Examples of this architecture include BitTorrent and the bitcoin network.
Another basic aspect of distributed computing architecture is the method of communicating and coordinating work among concurrent processes.
Through various message passing protocols, processes may communicate directly with one another, typically in a main/sub relationship.
Alternatively, a "database-centric" architecture can enable distributed computing to be done without any form of direct inter-process communication, by utilizing a shared database.
Database-centric architecture in particular provides relational processing analytics in a schematic architecture allowing for live environment relay.
This enables distributed computing functions both within and beyond the parameters of a networked database.
=== Cell-Based Architecture === Cell-based architecture is a distributed computing approach in which computational resources are organized into self-contained units called cells.
Each cell operates independently, processing requests while maintaining scalability, fault isolation, and availability.
A cell typically consists of multiple services or application components and functions as an autonomous unit.
Some implementations replicate entire sets of services across multiple cells, while others partition workloads between cells.
In replicated models, requests may be rerouted to an operational cell if another experiences a failure.
This design is intended to enhance system resilience by reducing the impact of localized failures.
Some implementations employ circuit breakers within and between cells.
Within a cell, circuit breakers may be used to prevent cascading failures among services, while inter-cell circuit breakers can isolate failing cells and redirect traffic to those that remain operational.
Cell-based architecture has been adopted in some large-scale distributed systems, particularly in cloud-native and high-availability environments, where fault isolation and redundancy are key design considerations.
Its implementation varies depending on system requirements, infrastructure constraints, and operational objectives.
== Applications == Reasons for using distributed systems and distributed computing may include:  The very nature of an application may require the use of a communication network that connects several computers: for example, data produced in one physical location and required in another location.
There are many cases in which the use of a single computer would be possible in principle, but the use of a distributed system is beneficial for practical reasons.
For example: It can allow for much larger storage and memory, faster compute, and higher bandwidth than a single machine.
It can provide more reliability than a non-distributed system, as there is no single point of failure.
Moreover, a distributed system may be easier to expand and manage than a monolithic uniprocessor system.
It may be more cost-efficient to obtain the desired level of performance by using a cluster of several low-end computers, in comparison with a single high-end computer.
== Examples == Examples of distributed systems and applications of distributed computing include the following:  telecommunications networks: telephone networks and cellular networks, computer networks such as the Internet, wireless sensor networks, routing algorithms; network applications: World Wide Web and peer-to-peer networks, massively multiplayer online games and virtual reality communities, distributed databases and distributed database management systems, network file systems, distributed cache such as burst buffers, distributed information processing systems such as banking systems and airline reservation systems; real-time process control: aircraft control systems, industrial control systems; parallel computation: scientific computing, including cluster computing, grid computing, cloud computing, and various volunteer computing projects, distributed rendering in computer graphics.
peer-to-peer   == Reactive distributed systems == According to Reactive Manifesto, reactive distributed systems are responsive, resilient, elastic and message-driven.
Subsequently, Reactive systems are more flexible, loosely-coupled and scalable.
To make your systems reactive, you are advised to implement Reactive Principles.
Reactive Principles are a set of principles and patterns which help to make your cloud native application as well as edge native applications more reactive.
== Theoretical foundations ==   === Models === Many tasks that we would like to automate by using a computer are of question–answer type: we would like to ask a question and the computer should produce an answer.
In theoretical computer science, such tasks are called computational problems.
Formally, a computational problem consists of instances together with a solution for each instance.
Instances are questions that we can ask, and solutions are desired answers to these questions.
Theoretical computer science seeks to understand which computational problems can be solved by using a computer (computability theory) and how efficiently (computational complexity theory).
Traditionally, it is said that a problem can be solved by using a computer if we can design an algorithm that produces a correct solution for any given instance.
Such an algorithm can be implemented as a computer program that runs on a general-purpose computer: the program reads a problem instance from input, performs some computation, and produces the solution as output.
Formalisms such as random-access machines or universal Turing machines can be used as abstract models of a sequential general-purpose computer executing such an algorithm.
The field of concurrent and distributed computing studies similar questions in the case of either multiple computers, or a computer that executes a network of interacting processes: which computational problems can be solved in such a network and how efficiently?
However, it is not at all obvious what is meant by "solving a problem" in the case of a concurrent or distributed system: for example, what is the task of the algorithm designer, and what is the concurrent or distributed equivalent of a sequential general-purpose computer?
The discussion below focuses on the case of multiple computers, although many of the issues are the same for concurrent processes running on a single computer.
Three viewpoints are commonly used:  Parallel algorithms in shared-memory model All processors have access to a shared memory.
The algorithm designer chooses the program executed by each processor.
One theoretical model is the parallel random-access machines (PRAM) that are used.
However, the classical PRAM model assumes synchronous access to the shared memory.
Shared-memory programs can be extended to distributed systems if the underlying operating system encapsulates the communication between nodes and virtually unifies the memory across all individual systems.
A model that is closer to the behavior of real-world multiprocessor machines and takes into account the use of machine instructions, such as Compare-and-swap (CAS), is that of asynchronous shared memory.
There is a wide body of work on this model, a summary of which can be found in the literature.
Parallel algorithms in message-passing model The algorithm designer chooses the structure of the network, as well as the program executed by each computer.
Models such as Boolean circuits and sorting networks are used.
A Boolean circuit can be seen as a computer network: each gate is a computer that runs an extremely simple computer program.
Similarly, a sorting network can be seen as a computer network: each comparator is a computer.
Distributed algorithms in message-passing model The algorithm designer only chooses the computer program.
The system must work correctly regardless of the structure of the network.
A commonly used model is a graph with one finite-state machine per node.
In the case of distributed algorithms, computational problems are typically related to graphs.
Often the graph that describes the structure of the computer network is the problem instance.
This is illustrated in the following example.
=== An example === Consider the computational problem of finding a coloring of a given graph G.
Different fields might take the following approaches:  Centralized algorithms The graph G is encoded as a string, and the string is given as input to a computer.
The computer program finds a coloring of the graph, encodes the coloring as a string, and outputs the result.
Parallel algorithms Again, the graph G is encoded as a string.
However, multiple computers can access the same string in parallel.
Each computer might focus on one part of the graph and produce a coloring for that part.
The main focus is on high-performance computation that exploits the processing power of multiple computers in parallel.
Distributed algorithms The graph G is the structure of the computer network.
There is one computer for each node of G and one communication link for each edge of G.
Initially, each computer only knows about its immediate neighbors in the graph G; the computers must exchange messages with each other to discover more about the structure of G.
Each computer must produce its own color as output.
The main focus is on coordinating the operation of an arbitrary distributed system.
While the field of parallel algorithms has a different focus than the field of distributed algorithms, there is much interaction between the two fields.
For example, the Cole–Vishkin algorithm for graph coloring was originally presented as a parallel algorithm, but the same technique can also be used directly as a distributed algorithm.
Moreover, a parallel algorithm can be implemented either in a parallel system (using shared memory) or in a distributed system (using message passing).
The traditional boundary between parallel and distributed algorithms (choose a suitable network vs.
run in any given network) does not lie in the same place as the boundary between parallel and distributed systems (shared memory vs.
=== Complexity measures === In parallel algorithms, yet another resource in addition to time and space is the number of computers.
Indeed, often there is a trade-off between the running time and the number of computers: the problem can be solved faster if there are more computers running in parallel (see speedup).
If a decision problem can be solved in polylogarithmic time by using a polynomial number of processors, then the problem is said to be in the class NC.
The class NC can be defined equally well by using the PRAM formalism or Boolean circuits—PRAM machines can simulate Boolean circuits efficiently and vice versa.
In the analysis of distributed algorithms, more attention is usually paid on communication operations than computational steps.
Perhaps the simplest model of distributed computing is a synchronous system where all nodes operate in a lockstep fashion.
This model is commonly known as the LOCAL model.
During each communication round, all nodes in parallel (1) receive the latest messages from their neighbours, (2) perform arbitrary local computation, and (3) send new messages to their neighbors.
In such systems, a central complexity measure is the number of synchronous communication rounds required to complete the task.
This complexity measure is closely related to the diameter of the network.
On the one hand, any computable problem can be solved trivially in a synchronous distributed system in approximately 2D communication rounds: simply gather all information in one location (D rounds), solve the problem, and inform each node about the solution (D rounds).
On the other hand, if the running time of the algorithm is much smaller than D communication rounds, then the nodes in the network must produce their output without having the possibility to obtain information about distant parts of the network.
In other words, the nodes must make globally consistent decisions based on information that is available in their local D-neighbourhood.
Many distributed algorithms are known with the running time much smaller than D rounds, and understanding which problems can be solved by such algorithms is one of the central research questions of the field.
Typically an algorithm which solves a problem in polylogarithmic time in the network size is considered efficient in this model.
Another commonly used measure is the total number of bits transmitted in the network (cf.
The features of this concept are typically captured with the CONGEST(B) model, which is similarly defined as the LOCAL model, but where single messages can only contain B bits.
=== Other problems === Traditional computational problems take the perspective that the user asks a question, a computer (or a distributed system) processes the question, then produces an answer and stops.
However, there are also problems where the system is required not to stop, including the dining philosophers problem and other similar mutual exclusion problems.
In these problems, the distributed system is supposed to continuously coordinate the use of shared resources so that no conflicts or deadlocks occur.
There are also fundamental challenges that are unique to distributed computing, for example those related to fault-tolerance.
Examples of related problems include consensus problems, Byzantine fault tolerance, and self-stabilisation.
Much research is also focused on understanding the asynchronous nature of distributed systems:  Synchronizers can be used to run synchronous algorithms in asynchronous systems.
Logical clocks provide a causal happened-before ordering of events.
Clock synchronization algorithms provide globally consistent physical time stamps.
Note that in distributed systems, latency should be measured through "99th percentile" because "median" and "average" can be misleading.
=== Election === Coordinator election (or leader election) is the process of designating a single process as the organizer of some task distributed among several computers (nodes).
Before the task is begun, all network nodes are either unaware which node will serve as the "coordinator" (or leader) of the task, or unable to communicate with the current coordinator.
After a coordinator election algorithm has been run, however, each node throughout the network recognizes a particular, unique node as the task coordinator.
The network nodes communicate among themselves in order to decide which of them will get into the "coordinator" state.
For that, they need some method in order to break the symmetry among them.
For example, if each node has unique and comparable identities, then the nodes can compare their identities, and decide that the node with the highest identity is the coordinator.
The definition of this problem is often attributed to LeLann, who formalized it as a method to create a new token in a token ring network in which the token has been lost.
Coordinator election algorithms are designed to be economical in terms of total bytes transmitted, and time.
The algorithm suggested by Gallager, Humblet, and Spira for general undirected graphs has had a strong impact on the design of distributed algorithms in general, and won the Dijkstra Prize for an influential paper in distributed computing.
Many other algorithms were suggested for different kinds of network graphs, such as undirected rings, unidirectional rings, complete graphs, grids, directed Euler graphs, and others.
A general method that decouples the issue of the graph family from the design of the coordinator election algorithm was suggested by Korach, Kutten, and Moran.
In order to perform coordination, distributed systems employ the concept of coordinators.
The coordinator election problem is to choose a process from among a group of processes on different processors in a distributed system to act as the central coordinator.
Several central coordinator election algorithms exist.
=== Properties of distributed systems === So far the focus has been on designing a distributed system that solves a given problem.
A complementary research problem is studying the properties of a given distributed system.
The halting problem is an analogous example from the field of centralised computation: we are given a computer program and the task is to decide whether it halts or runs forever.
The halting problem is undecidable in the general case, and naturally understanding the behaviour of a computer network is at least as hard as understanding the behaviour of one computer.
However, there are many interesting special cases that are decidable.
In particular, it is possible to reason about the behaviour of a network of finite-state machines.
One example is telling whether a given network of interacting (asynchronous and non-deterministic) finite-state machines can reach a deadlock.
This problem is PSPACE-complete, i.e., it is decidable, but not likely that there is an efficient (centralised, parallel or distributed) algorithm that solves the problem in the case of large networks.
=== Other Topics === Linearizability   == See also ==   == Notes ==   == References ==     == Further reading ==   == External links ==   Media related to Distributed computing at Wikimedia Commons
Tbilisi (  tə-bil-EE-see, tə-BIL-iss-ee; Georgian: თბილისი, pronounced [ˈtʰbilisi] ), in some languages still known by its pre-1936 name Tiflis (  TIF-liss; Georgian: ტფილისი, romanized: t'pilisi [tʼpʰilisi]) is the capital and largest city of Georgia, located on the banks of the Kura River.
With more than 1.3 million inhabitants, it contains almost one third of the country's population.
Tbilisi was founded in the fifth century AD by Vakhtang I of Iberia and has since served as the capital of various Georgian kingdoms and republics.
Between 1801 and 1917, then part of the Russian Empire, it was the seat of the Caucasus Viceroyalty, governing both the northern and the southern sides of the Caucasus.
Because of its location at the crossroads between Europe and Asia, and its proximity to the lucrative Silk Road, throughout history, Tbilisi has been a point of contention among various global powers.
To this day, the city's location ensures its position as an important transit route for energy and trade projects.
Tbilisi's history is reflected in its architecture, which is a mix of medieval, neoclassical, Beaux Arts, Art Nouveau, Stalinist, and Modern structures.
Historically, Tbilisi has been home to people of diverse cultural, ethnic, and religious backgrounds, though its population is overwhelmingly Eastern Orthodox Christian.
Notable tourist destinations include cathedrals Sameba and Sioni, Freedom Square, Rustaveli Avenue and Aghmashenebeli Avenue, medieval Narikala Fortress, the pseudo-Moorish Opera Theater, and the Georgian National Museum.
The climate in Tbilisi mostly ranges from 20 to 32 °C (68 to 90 °F) in summer and −1 to 7 °C (30 to 45 °F) in winter.
== Names and etymology ==  The name "Tbilisi" derives from Old Georgian Tbilisi (Asomtavruli: ႧႡႨႪႨႱႨ, Mkhedruli: თბილისი), and further from tpili (Modern Georgian: თბილი, warm, itself from Old Georgian: ႲႴႨႪႨ ṭpili).
The name Tbilisi (the place of warmth) was therefore given to the city because of the area's numerous sulfuric hot springs.
Until 1936, the name of the city in English and most other languages followed the Persian pronunciation Tiflis, while the Georgian name was ტფილისი (Ṭpilisi).
On 17 August 1936, by order of the Soviet leadership, the official Russian names of various cities were changed to more closely match the local language.
In addition, the Georgian-language form Ṭpilisi was modernized on the basis of a proposal by Georgian linguists; the ancient Georgian component ტფილი (ṭpili, 'warm') was replaced by the newer თბილი (tbili).
That form was the basis for the new official Russian name (Тбилиси Tbilisi).
Most other languages have subsequently adopted the new name form, but some languages, such as Turkish, Persian, Greek, Spanish, and German, have retained a variation of Tiflis.
Some of the traditional names of Tbilisi in other languages of the region have different roots.
The Ossetian name Калак (Kalak) derives from the Georgian word ქალაქი (kalaki) meaning simply city.
Chechen and Ingush names for the city use a form similar to or the same as their names for the country of Georgia (Гуьржех Gürƶex) as does the historical Kabardian name (Курджы Kwrdžə), while Abkhaz Қарҭ (Ķarţ) is from the Mingrelian ქართი (Karti).
== History ==   === Early history === Archaeologists discovered evidence of continuous habitation of the Tbilisi suburb of Dighomi since the early Bronze Age, and stone artifacts dating to the Paleolithic age.
During the late Bronze Age to early Iron Age, it was the largest settlement in the Caucasus.
According to legend, the present-day territory of Tbilisi was covered by forests as late as 458.
One widely accepted variant of the Tbilisi foundation myth states that King Vakhtang I of Iberia (r.
447/49 – 502/22) went hunting in the heavily wooded region with a falcon (sometimes the falcon is replaced with either a hawk or other small birds of prey in the legend).
The king's falcon allegedly caught or injured a pheasant during the hunt, after which both birds fell into a nearby hot spring and died from burns.
King Vakhtang became so impressed with the hot springs that he decided to clear the forest and build a city on the location.
522–534), the successor of Vakhtang I, moved the capital of Iberia from Mtskheta to Tbilisi and began construction of the fortress wall that lined the city's new boundaries.
From the sixth century, Tbilisi grew at a steady pace due to the region's strategic location along with important trade and travel routes between Europe and Asia.
=== Foreign domination ===  Tbilisi's favorable trade location, however, did not necessarily bode well for its survival.
Located strategically in the heart of the Caucasus between Europe and Asia, Tbilisi became an object of rivalry among the region's various powers such as the Roman Empire, Parthia, Sassanid Persia, Muslim Arabs, the Byzantine Empire, and the Seljuk Turks.
The cultural development of the city was somewhat dependent on who ruled the city at various times, although Tbilisi was fairly cosmopolitan.
From 570 to 580, the Persians ruled the city until 627, when Tbilisi was sacked by the Byzantine/Khazar armies and later, in 736–738, Arab armies entered the town under Marwan II.
After this point, the Arabs established an emirate centered in Tbilisi.
Arabic dirhams were brought to Georgia following the Arab conquest in the seventh century, and a mint was founded in Tbilisi that produced coins with inscriptions in both Arabic and Georgian.
In 764, Tbilisi – still under Arab control – was once again sacked by the Khazars.
In 853, the armies of Arab leader Bugha Al-Turki invaded Tbilisi in order to enforce its return to Abbasid allegiance.
The Arab domination of Tbilisi continued until about 1050.
In 1065, the Seljuk Sultan Alp Arslan campaigned against the Kingdom of Georgia, subjugated Tbilisi, and built a mosque in the city.
=== Capital of Georgia === In 1121, after the Battle of Didgori against the Seljuks, the troops of King David IV of Georgia besieged Tbilisi, taking it in 1122.
David moved his residence from Kutaisi to Tbilisi, making it the capital of a unified Georgian State, thus inaugurating the Georgian Golden Age.
From the 12–13th centuries, Tbilisi became a regional power with a thriving economy and astonishing cultural output.
By the end of the 12th century, the population of Tbilisi had reached 100,000.
The city also became an important literary and cultural center, not only for Georgia, but also for the Eastern Orthodox world of the time.
During Queen Tamar's reign, Shota Rustaveli worked in Tbilisi while writing his legendary epic poem The Knight in the Panther's Skin.
This period is often referred to as "Georgia's Golden Age" or the Georgian Renaissance.
=== Mongol domination and other instability ===  Tbilisi's "Golden Age" did not last for more than a century.
In 1226, Tbilisi was captured by the Khwarezmian Empire under Shah Jalal al-Din, who massacred tens of thousands of Christians.
The Khwarezmian occupation left Tbilisi's defenses severely devastated and prone to further attacks by Mongol armies.
In 1236, after suffering crushing Mongol defeats, Georgia submitted to Mongol domination.
The nation itself maintained a form of "semi-independence" and did not lose its statehood, but Tbilisi would be strongly influenced by the Mongols for the next century, both politically and culturally.
In the 1320s, the Mongols retreated from Georgia, and Tbilisi became the capital of an independent Georgian state, once again.
However, an outbreak of the Black Death struck the city in 1366.
Between the late 14th century and the late 18th century, Tbilisi would again be under the rule of various foreign powers.
On several occasions, the city would even be completely burned and razed to the ground.
On 22 November 1386, Tbilisi was sacked by the armies of Timur.
Timur invaded the Kingdom of Georgia seven more times.
In 1440, the city was invaded and looted by Jahan Shah of the Qara Qoyunlu.
From 1477 to 1478, the city was held by the Aq Qoyunlu tribesmen of Uzun Hassan.
=== Iranian control ===  As early as the 1510s, Tbilisi (and the kingdoms of Kartli and Kakheti) were made vassal territories of Safavid Iran.
In 1522, Tbilisi was garrisoned for the first time by a large Safavid force.
Following the death of king (shah) Ismail I (r.
1501–1524), king David X of Kartli expelled the Iranians.
During this period, many parts of Tbilisi were reconstructed and rebuilt.
The four campaigns of the king Tahmasp I (r.
1524–1576) resulted in the reoccupation of Kartli and Kakheti, and a Safavid force was permanently stationed in Tbilisi from 1551 onwards.
With the 1555 Treaty of Amasya, and more firmly from 1614 to 1747, with brief intermissions, Tbilisi was an important city under Iranian rule, and it functioned as a seat of the Iranian vassal kings of Kartli whom the shah conferred with the title of vali.
In 1718, the Venetian senate implored the Safavid emperor Soltan Hoseyn to protect the Catholic Armenians and Capuchin missionaries in Tbilisi from the Gregorian Armenians.
Under the later rules of Teimuraz II and Heraclius II, Tbilisi became a vibrant political and cultural center free of foreign rule—but, fearful of the constant threat of invasion, Georgia's rulers sought Russian protection in the 1783 Treaty of Georgievsk.
Despite this agreement, the city was captured and devastated in 1795 by the Iranian Qajar ruler Agha Mohammad Khan.
=== Russian control ===  In 1801, the Russian Empire annexed the Georgian Kingdom of Kartli-Kakheti, of which Tbilisi was one of the most significant urban centers.
Within Tsarist Russia, Tbilisi (known then as Tiflis) was included within the Tiflis Uyezd county in 1801, part of what was initially the Georgia Governorate.
Following the establishment of the Tiflis Governorate (Gubernia) in 1846, Tbilisi became its capital.
Russian Imperial administrators implemented a new Western-style city plan and commissioned new buildings and infrastructure, including roads and railroads connecting Tbilisi to other important cities in the Russian Empire, such as Batumi and Poti.
By the 1850s, Tbilisi once again emerged as a major trade and cultural center, with many foreign, including Western European, entrepreneurs operating.
The likes of Ilia Chavchavadze, Akaki Tsereteli, Mirza Fatali Akhundzade, Iakob Gogebashvili, Alexander Griboyedov and many other statesmen, poets and artists all found their home in Tbilisi.
The city was visited on numerous occasions by and was the object of affection of Alexander Pushkin, Leo Tolstoy, Mikhail Lermontov, the Romanov family and others.
The main new artery built under Russian administration was Golovin Avenue (present-day Rustaveli Avenue), on which the Viceroys of the Caucasus established their residence.
For much of the early 19th century, Tbilisi's largest ethnic group was Armenian, at some point forming 74.3% of the population.
=== Brief independence === After the Russian Revolution of 1917, the city served as a location of the Transcaucasus interim government which established, in the spring of 1918, the short-lived independent Transcaucasian Federation with the capital in Tbilisi.
At this time, Tbilisi had roughly the same number of Armenians as Georgians, with Russians being the third largest ethnic group.
It was in the former Viceroy of the Caucasus's palace where the independence of three Transcaucasus nations – Georgia, Armenia and Azerbaijan – was declared by their respective national councils on 26 to 28 May 1918.
After this, Tbilisi functioned as the capital of the Democratic Republic of Georgia until 25 February 1921.
From 1918 to 1919, the city also consecutively served as the headquarters of the country's German garrison and later the British 27th Division; Tbilisi was also the main office of the British Chief Commissioner in Transcaucasia, Oliver Wardrop and the High Commissioner to Armenia, Colonel William N.
Under the national government, Tbilisi turned into the first Caucasian University City after the Tbilisi State University was founded in 1918.
On 25 February 1921, the Bolshevist Russian 11th Red Army invaded Tbilisi and after bitter fighting at the outskirts of the city, declared Soviet rule.
=== Soviet rule ===  In 1921, the Democratic Republic of Georgia was occupied by the Soviet Bolshevik forces from Russia, and until 1936, Tbilisi functioned first as the capital city of the Transcaucasian SFSR (which included Armenia, Azerbaijan, and Georgia), and afterward until 1991 as the capital of the Georgian Soviet Socialist Republic.
During Soviet rule, Tbilisi's population grew significantly, the city became more industrialized, and it also came to be an important political, social, and cultural centre of the Soviet Union.
In 1980, the city hosted the first state-sanctioned rock festival in the USSR.
As a major tourist destination for both Soviet citizens and foreign visitors, Tbilisi's "Old Town" (the neighborhoods within the original city walls) was reconstructed in the 1970s and 1980s.
Tbilisi witnessed mass anti-Russian demonstrations during 1956 in the 9 March Massacre, in protest against the anti-Stalin policies of Nikita Khrushchev.
Peaceful protests occurred in 1978, and in 1989 the April 9 tragedy was a peaceful protest that turned violent.
=== Post-independence === Since the break-up of the Soviet Union, Tbilisi has experienced periods of significant instability and turmoil.
After a brief civil war, which the city endured for two weeks from December 1991 to January 1992 (when pro-Gamsakhurdia and Opposition forces clashed), Tbilisi became the scene of frequent armed confrontations among various mafia clans and illegal business operators.
During the Shevardnadze Era (1992–2003), crime and corruption were rampant.
Many segments of society became impoverished because of unemployment caused by the crumbling economy.
Average citizens of Tbilisi started to become increasingly disillusioned with the existing quality of life in the city (and in the nation in general).
Mass protests took place in November 2003 after falsified parliamentary elections forced more than 100,000 people into the streets and concluded with the Rose Revolution.
Since 2003, Tbilisi has experienced considerably more stability with decreasing crime rates, an improved economy, and a real estate boom.
During the 2008 South Ossetia war, the Tbilisi area was hit by multiple Russian air attacks.
After the war, several large-scale projects were started, including a streetcar system, a railway bypass and a relocation of the central station, and new urban highways.
In June 2015, a flood killed at least twenty people and caused animals from the city's zoo to be released into the streets.
== Politics and administration ==  The status of Tbilisi, as the nation's capital, is defined by Article 10 of the Constitution of Georgia (1995) and the Law on Georgia's Capital – Tbilisi (20 February 1998).
Tbilisi is governed by the Tbilisi City Assembly (Sakrebulo) and the Tbilisi City Hall (Meria).
The City Assembly and mayor are elected once every four years by direct elections.
The Mayor of Tbilisi is Kakha Kaladze and the Chairman of the Tbilisi city Assembly is Giorgi Alibegashvili.
Administratively, the city is divided into raions (districts), which have their own units of central and local government with jurisdiction over a limited scope of affairs.
This subdivision was established under Soviet rule in the 1930s, following the general subdivision of the Soviet Union.
After Georgia regained independence, the raion system was modified and reshuffled.
According to the latest revision, Tbilisi raions include:  Mtatsminda District, including neighborhoods: Mtatsminda, Sololaki, Vera, Kiketi, Kojori, Shindisi, Tsavkisi, Tabakhmela, Okrokana Vake District, including neighborhoods: Vake, Bagebi, Upper Saburtalo, Nutsubidze Plateau, Tskneti Saburtalo District, including neighborhoods: Lower Saburtalo, Vedzisi, Vashlijvari, Didi Dighomi, Patara Dighomi, Zurgovana Krtsanisi District, including neighborhoods: Abanotubani, Kala, Ortachala, Ponichala Isani District, including neighborhoods: Avlabari, Isani, Navtlughi, Metromsheni, Vazisubani Samgori District, including neighborhoods: Varketili, Orkhevi, Dampalo, Lilo, Lower Samgori, Africa Chughureti District, including neighborhoods: Chughureti, Ivertubani, Kukia, Svanetisubani Didube District, including neighborhoods: Didube, Dighomi Massive Nadzaladevi District, including neighborhoods: Nadzaladevi, Sanzona, Temka, Lotkini Gldani District, including neighborhoods: Gldani, Avchala, Mukhiani, Gldanula  Most of the raions are named after historic quarters of the city.
The citizens of Tbilisi widely recognize an informal system of smaller historic neighborhoods.
Such neighborhoods are several, however, constituting a kind of hierarchy, because most of them have lost their distinctive topographic limits.
The natural first level of subdivision of the city is into the right and left banks of the Mtkvari river.
The names of the oldest neighborhoods go back to the early Middle Ages and sometimes pose a great linguistic interest.
The newest whole-built developments bear chiefly residential marketing names.
In 19th-century Tbilisi, the Georgian quarter was confined to the southeastern part of the city; Baedeker describes the layout succinctly:  In the north part of the town, on the left bank of the Kurá and to the south of the railway station, stretches the clean German Quarter, formerly occupied by German immigrants from Württemberg (1818).
To the south is the Gruzinian or Georgian Quarter (Avlabár).
On the right bank of the Kurá is the Russian Quarter, the seat of the officials and of the larger business firms.
This is adjoined on the south by the Armenian and Persian Bazaars.
== Geography ==   === Location === Tbilisi is located in the South Caucasus at 41° 43' North and 44° 47' East.
The city lies in Eastern Georgia on both banks of the Kura River (locally known as Mtkvari).
The elevation of the city ranges from 380–770 metres above sea level (1,250–2,530 ft) and has the shape of an amphitheatre surrounded by mountains on three sides.
To the north, Tbilisi is bounded by the Saguramo Range, to the east and south-east by the Iori Plain, to the south and west by various endings (subranges) of the Trialeti Range.
The part of the city which lies on the left bank of the Kura River extends for more than 30 km (19 mi) from the Avchala District to River Lochini.
The part of the city which lies on the right side of the river, though, is built along the foothills of the Trialeti Range, the slopes of which in many cases descend all the way to the edges of the river.
The mountains, therefore, are a significant barrier to urban development on its right bank.
This type of a geographic environment creates pockets of very densely developed areas, while other parts of the city are left undeveloped due to the complex topographic relief.
To the north of the city, a large reservoir (commonly known as the Tbilisi Sea) is fed by irrigation canals.
=== Climate ===  Tbilisi has a humid temperate climate (Köppen: Cfa, Trewartha: Do) with considerable continental and semi-arid influences.
The city experiences hot, humid summers and moderately cold dry winters.
Like other regions of Georgia, Tbilisi receives significant rainfall throughout the year with no distinct dry period.
The city's climate is influenced both by dry (Central Asian/Siberian) air masses from the east and oceanic (Atlantic/Black Sea) air masses from the west.
Because the city is bounded on most sides by mountain ranges, the close proximity to large bodies of water (Black and Caspian Seas) and the fact that the Greater Caucasus Mountains Range (further to the north) blocks the intrusion of cold air masses from Russia, Tbilisi has a relatively mild microclimate compared to other cities that possess a similar climate along the same latitudes.
The average annual temperature in Tbilisi is 13.8 °C (56.8 °F).
January is the coldest month with an average temperature of 2.7 °C (36.9 °F).
July is the hottest month with an average temperature of 25.4 °C (77.7 °F).
Daytime high temperatures reach or exceed 32 °C (90 °F) on an average of 22 days during a typical year.
The absolute minimum recorded temperature is −24.4 °C (−11.9 °F) in January 1883 and the absolute maximum is 42.0 °C (107.6 °F) on 17 July 1882.
Average annual precipitation is 511.5 mm (20.1 in).
May is the wettest month (averaging 84.0 mm (3.3 in) of precipitation) while January is the driest (averaging 16.4 mm (0.6 in) of precipitation).
Snow falls on average 15–25 days per year.
The surrounding mountains often trap the clouds within and around the city, mainly during the Spring and Autumn months, resulting in prolonged rainy and/or cloudy weather.
Northwesterly winds dominate in most parts of Tbilisi throughout the year.
== Demographics ==  As a multiethnic city, Tbilisi is home to more than 100 ethnic groups.
Around 90% of the population consists of ethnic Georgians, with significant populations of Armenians, Russians, and Azerbaijanis.
Along with the above-mentioned groups, Tbilisi is home to other ethnic groups including Ossetians, Abkhazians, Ukrainians, Greeks, Jews, Assyrians, Yazidis, and others.
=== Religion ===  More than 95% of the residents of Tbilisi practise some form of Christianity, the majority being followers of the Georgian Orthodox Church.
The Russian Orthodox Church and the Armenian Apostolic Church also have significant communities in the city.
About 1.5% of the population identifies as Muslim, primarily of the Shia branch, while approximately 0.1% practise Judaism.
The city is also home to a Roman Catholic community and a Yazidi minority, who worship at the Sultan Ezid Temple.
== Sports ==  The largest stadium is the Dinamo Arena (capacity 55,000), followed by the Mikheil Meskhi Stadium (capacity 24,680).
The Sports Palace hosts basketball games and tennis tournaments, with a seating capacity of about 11,000.
Vere Basketball Hall is a smaller indoor sports arena seating 2,500.
Football is the most popular sport in Tbilisi, followed by rugby union and basketball.
Other popular sports include wrestling, tennis, swimming, and water polo.
Tbilisi has several professional football and rugby teams, as well as wrestling clubs.
National Basketball Association players, Zaza Pachulia and Nikoloz Tskitishvili, are Tbilisi natives.
Tbilisi's signature football club, Dinamo Tbilisi, won the 1980–81 European Cup Winners' Cup, becoming the easternmost team to win a major European football tournament.
The basketball club Dinamo Tbilisi also won the 1962 EuroLeague title.
Tbilisi co-hosted Group A matches of the EuroBasket 2022 tournament at the new 10,000-seat Tbilisi Arena, along with Czech Republic (Prague), Germany (Berlin, Cologne), and Italy (Milan).
== Media == The majority of Georgia's media companies (including television, newspapers, and radio) are headquartered in Tbilisi.
The city is home to major television channels such as Rustavi 2, Imedi, TV Pirveli, Mtavari Arkhi, Formula, Maestro, and the Public Broadcasting Channel, among others.
Since 2019, Tbilisi's television market has undergone notable changes, particularly following ownership changes at Rustavi 2, which led to the creation of new television channels like Mtavari Arkhi and TV Formula.
Tbilisi has numerous newspaper publishing houses.
Prominent newspapers include the daily 24 Saati ("24 Hours"), Rezonansi ("Resonance"), Alia, the English-language daily The Messenger, weekly publications like FINANCIAL, Georgia Today, and The Georgian Times.
== Culture ==   === Architecture === The architecture of Tbilisi is a blend of Georgian, Byzantine, Neoclassical, Art Nouveau, Beaux-Arts, Middle Eastern, and Soviet modern influences.
Few buildings survived the 1795 destruction of the city, so most historic structures date to the Russian Imperial period (1801–1917).
Tbilisi's old quarters (Kala, Abanotubani, Avlabari) were largely rebuilt following their medieval street plans.
Downtown areas developed by Russian authorities, like Sololaki, Rustaveli Avenue, and Vera, show a European-style layout with Beaux-Arts, Orientalist, and revivalist architecture.
Tbilisi is particularly noted for its Art Nouveau buildings, especially in Sololaki and Chughureti, which flourished from the 1890s until the early Soviet era.
Stalinist architecture, such as the 1938 Marx-Engels-Lenin Institute building (now the Biltmore Hotel Tbilisi), also left a mark on the city's landscape.
Post-World War II architecture introduced mass housing blocks in neighbourhoods like Saburtalo and Dighomi.
Notable Soviet-era landmarks include the 1975 Ministry of Roads building and the 1984 Wedding Palace.
Since independence, Tbilisi has experienced both rapid skyscraper development (e.g., Axis Towers, Holiday Inn Tbilisi, King David Residences) and challenges with unregulated construction.
=== Art museums and galleries === Tbilisi is home to several important museums and art spaces:  The Georgian National Museum network, including the Art Museum of Georgia.
The Museum of Modern Art Tbilisi, opened in 2012.
Other cultural institutions include the Giorgi Leonidze State Museum of Literature and the Writer's House of Georgia.
=== Performing arts === Tbilisi hosts major cultural institutions such as:  Tbilisi State Conservatoire Tbilisi Opera and Ballet Theatre Shota Rustaveli State Academic Theatre Marjanishvili State Academic Theatre Rezo Gabriadze Marionette Theater Royal District Theatre   ==== Film Festival ==== The Tbilisi International Film Festival (TIFF) is organized annually by the Cinema Art Center Prometheus.
It began in 2000 as part of a larger "Gift" festival, then became an independent event in 2002.
The main venue is located at 164 Agmashenebeli Avenue.
=== World Book Capital === Tbilisi was designated as World Book Capital for 2021 by UNESCO, recognizing the city's efforts to promote books and reading.
== Tourism ==  Georgia's rising popularity as a travel destination has positioned Tbilisi as a major regional tourism hub.
In 2019, the country welcomed over 9 million international visitors, significantly boosting Tbilisi's hospitality and service sectors.
=== Main sights === Notable landmarks and attractions include:  Narikala fortress (4th–17th century) Anchiskhati Basilica (6th century) Sioni Cathedral (8th century) Church of Metekhi Sameba Cathedral (Holy Trinity Cathedral of Tbilisi) Bridge of Peace Abanotubani sulfur baths Open Air Museum of Ethnography Tbilisi Old Town Parliament of Georgia Supreme Court of Georgia National Bank of Georgia Tbilisi Circus During Soviet times, Tbilisi was ranked among the top cities for the number of museums within the USSR.
=== Nightlife === Tbilisi has developed a thriving and internationally recognized nightlife scene since the 2010s.
Notable clubs include:  Bassiani Mtkvarze Khidi Café Gallery These venues attract world-renowned DJs and have helped position Tbilisi on the global electronic music map.
The city also hosts a growing underground queer nightlife scene, gaining international media attention.
== Economy ==  With a nominal GDP of 32 billion Georgian lari (€10 billion) as of 2022, Tbilisi is Georgia's economic powerhouse, generating more than half of the country's total GDP.
Its GDP per capita is 26,769 lari (€8,700), exceeding the national average by more than 50 percent.
The economy of Tbilisi is dominated by the service sector, particularly:  Wholesale and retail trade Transport and logistics Financial services Hospitality and real estate Reflecting its position as a regional hub, the city hosts the headquarters of most Georgian banks, major companies, and international organizations operating in the South Caucasus region.
The unemployment rate in Tbilisi stands at 22.5%, which is significantly higher than the national average.
== Transport ==  Tbilisi's public transport system is managed by the Transport and Urban Development Agency.
After years of prioritizing private vehicles, the city has invested heavily in developing a green, accessible, and extensive public transit network since the 2010s.
Today, the city is served by an international airport, metro, national rail, municipal buses, minibuses, cabs, aerial tramways, bike lanes, and a funicular railway.
=== Airport ===  Shota Rustaveli Tbilisi International Airport is the city's only international airport, located about 18 kilometres (11 miles) southeast of the city centre.
Handling nearly 3 million passengers in 2022, it is the busiest airport in Georgia and a regional hub.
It is a hub for Georgian Airways and other international carriers, offering direct flights to Europe, the Middle East, and Central Asia.
A secondary domestic airport at Natakhtari Airfield connects Tbilisi with Batumi, Mestia, and Ambrolauri.
=== Metro ===  The Tbilisi Metro operates two lines — the Akhmeteli–Varketili Line and the Saburtalo Line — with 23 stations and around 400,000 daily rides.
Opened in 1966, it was the fourth metro system in the former Soviet Union.
The system is known for its depth and ornate station designs.
The metro is undergoing major upgrades, including full station renovations, better accessibility for people with disabilities, and new rolling stock acquisitions.
A third overground metro line connecting central Tbilisi to Tbilisi International Airport and Rustavi is under planning.
=== Rail === Tbilisi is the main hub of Georgian Railways, with inter-city trains connecting it to Batumi, Zugdidi, Poti, Kutaisi, and other cities from Tbilisi Central Railway Station.
=== Buses and Bus Rapid Transit ===  Tbilisi's bus network forms the backbone of urban transit.
A major reorganisation launched in 2020 introduced Bus Rapid Transit (BRT) corridors (TBT lines 300–310) served by articulated 18-metre-long buses, alongside more than 200 other city and local routes.
New environmentally friendly buses — including MAN Lion's City CNG and ISUZU models — have replaced the ageing fleet since 2017.
=== Cycling === Cycling is gaining popularity, supported by a growing network of bike lanes.
During the COVID-19 pandemic, temporary cycle lanes were introduced, increasing the city's cycling network to over 20 km.
The long-term plan aims to expand it to 350 km.
=== Trams ===  Tbilisi had an electric tram network from 1904 until 2006, when it was dismantled.
Projects to reintroduce modern trams have been proposed but remain unrealized.
=== Minibuses === Private minibuses (marshrutka) continue to supplement the bus network, although their share is gradually decreasing following municipal reforms.
In 2019, a new tender introduced modern minibuses with stricter safety and comfort standards.
=== Aerial Tramways === Tbilisi operates three gondola lift systems:  **Rike Park to Narikala Fortress** (opened 2012) **Vake Park to Turtle Lake** (reopened 2016) **State University to Bagebi** (reopened 2021) The Soviet-era tram between Rustaveli Avenue and Mtatsminda was dismantled after the tragic 1990 Tbilisi aerial tramway accident, but reconstruction plans are underway.
=== Funicular === The Tbilisi Funicular, originally opened in 1905 and restored in 2012, connects Chonkadze Street to Mtatsminda Park at the highest point of the city.
The line provides access to panoramic views, the Tbilisi TV Broadcasting Tower, and various recreational facilities.
== Education ==  Tbilisi is the principal centre of higher education in Georgia and the Caucasus region.
It hosts many major universities and research institutions, drawing both local and international students.
The largest and oldest university in the Caucasus is Tbilisi State University (TSU), founded on 8 February 1918.
TSU has about 25,000 students and more than 5,000 faculty and staff.
Other prominent public institutions include:  Tbilisi State Medical University, the largest medical university in the Caucasus, established in 1918 as part of TSU and operating independently since 1992.
Georgian Technical University, founded in 1922 as a polytechnic faculty and now the country's leading technical university.
Ilia State University, established in 2006 through the merger of six institutions.
Several private universities are also notable:  The University of Georgia (Tbilisi), the largest private university with around 8,000 students.
Caucasus University, founded in 2004, which evolved from the Caucasus School of Business (established in 1998).
Free University of Tbilisi, established in 2007 through a merger of ESM-Tbilisi and the Tbilisi Institute of Asia and Africa.
Other significant institutions include:  Tbilisi State Conservatory Shota Rustaveli Theatre and Film University Tbilisi State Academy of Arts Caucasus International University Tbilisi Medical Academy Georgian American University International Black Sea University Georgian Institute of Public Affairs Agricultural University of Georgia International School of Economics at TSU (ISET) New Vision University Grigol Robakidze University   == International relations ==   === Twin towns and sister cities === Tbilisi is twinned with:   === Partnerships ===   == See also ==  List of people from Tbilisi List of cities and towns in Georgia (country)   == Notes ==   == References ==   === Bibliography ===   == Further reading == Postcard from the Silk Road – Georgia, TRAVELS – ESPECIALLY FOR "ZNAD WILII", Leonard Drożdżewicz, "Znad Wilii", Viešoji įstaiga "Znad Wilii" kultūros plėtros draugija, ISSN 1392-9712, No.
(in Polish) [2] Tbilisi's largely forgotten and neglected Armenian heritage   == External links ==  Official website of the City of Tbilisi
The Strokes are an American rock band formed in New York City in 1998.
The band is composed of lead singer and primary songwriter Julian Casablancas, guitarists Nick Valensi and Albert Hammond Jr., bassist Nikolai Fraiture, and drummer Fabrizio Moretti.
They were a leading group of the early-2000s garage rock revival and post-punk revival movements.
The release of their debut EP The Modern Age in early 2001 sparked a bidding war among minor labels, with the band eventually signing to RCA Records.
That summer, they released their debut album, Is This It, to widespread critical acclaim and strong sales.
It has since appeared on numerous "greatest albums" lists.
It was followed by Room on Fire (2003) and First Impressions of Earth (2005), both of which sold well but failed to match Is This It in immediate critical success, despite positive reviews nonetheless.
Following a five-year hiatus, they released Angles (2011) and Comedown Machine (2013) to generally positive receptions but dwindling sales.
Following the end of their initial contract with RCA, they released the Future Present Past EP (2016) through Casablancas' label Cult.
The band were relatively inactive throughout the rest of the decade, making infrequent live appearances and directing most media attention to individual projects.
In 2020, they released their first studio album in seven years, The New Abnormal, produced by Rick Rubin and released through Cult and RCA.
The album received highly positive reviews and was considered a return to form by critics.
It went on to win Best Rock Album at the 63rd Annual Grammy Awards.
== History ==   === Formation and The Modern Age EP (1998–2001) ===  Lead singer-songwriter Julian Casablancas, guitarist Nick Valensi, and drummer Fabrizio Moretti started playing together as teenagers while all of them were attending Dwight School in Manhattan, and formed an informal band in 1997.
They later added bassist Nikolai Fraiture to their ranks, a close childhood friend of Casablancas who had attended the Lycée Français de New York with him.
At the end of 1998, the group invited guitarist Albert Hammond, Jr.
He had just moved to New York City and reconnected with Casablancas, whom he knew from their brief stints at the private boarding school Institut Le Rosey, near Nyon, Switzerland.
At this point, he was the last member to join the band.
The two soon became roommates not long after reconnecting, with Hammond remarking that "two weeks later, we were sharing a flat." In the following two years, the band practiced and performed tirelessly in New York City.
Many of their contemporaries have credited the band's earliest successes to their dedication and hustle, as well as their engaging personalities.
They practiced most nights, with many rehearsals taking place in The Music Building in Midtown Manhattan.
They played their first show as the Strokes on September 14, 1999, at The Spiral.
They soon frequented Manhattan's rock clubs including HiFi Bar and the Luna Lounge on the Lower East Side of New York, and later Manhattan's popular Mercury Lounge.
A young booker for the Mercury Lounge, Ryan Gentles, eventually quit his job to become the band's manager.
The band began rehearsing a 14-song set (an early blueprint of the Strokes' 2001 debut, Is This It), including "Alone, Together", "Barely Legal", "Last Nite", "The Modern Age", "New York City Cops", "Soma", "Someday", "Take It or Leave It", and "This Life" (an early version of "Trying Your Luck").
Most of these songs now feature different lyrics.
The band connected with producer Gordon Raphael in 2000 following a show at Luna Lounge and made a demo, The Modern Age EP, with him.
The band sent the demo to the newly reformed Rough Trade Records in the UK, sparking interest there, and leading to their first release (via the website of the UK magazine, NME, who gave away a free MP3 download of "Last Nite" a week prior to the physical release as part of The Modern Age EP in 2001).
The EP sparked a bidding war among record labels, the largest for a rock band in years.
In August 2001, the Strokes made their first appearance on the cover of the publication The Fader in its ninth issue.
=== Is This It  (2001–2002) ===  The Strokes released their debut album, Is This It, in Australia in July 2001, and in Japan and the UK in August 2001 before the release of a subsequent US version in October 2001.
The Australia, Japan and UK dates coincided with promotional tours in the respective countries.
These included the Reading and Leeds Festivals at which the band were moved up the billing twice due to rapidly growing interest, shifted from being due to play on a tented stage to a slot on the main stage, that attracted their largest audiences up to this point.
The album was produced by Gordon Raphael, as was their follow-up album Room On Fire.
RCA Records delayed the North American (US) release over concerns with the album's cover and lyrics.
The internationally released cover features a black-and-white photo of a gloved hand on a woman's naked backside, shown in semi-profile (photographer Colin Lane's then-girlfriend) while the North American version replaced it with a photo of particle collisions in the Big European Bubble Chamber.
RCA replaced the track "New York City Cops" with "When It Started", as the former featured potentially inflammatory lyrics in the wake of the September 11 attacks.
The track "New York City Cops"—featuring the refrain, "New York City Cops, they ain't too smart"—was listed as No.
12 on New York magazine's "Ultimate New York Playlist" on March 1, 2010.
Despite its delayed release (and the potential controversy), Is This It received critical acclaim—among other accolades, four stars from Rolling Stone, and a 9.1 from Pitchfork Media.
The album made many critics' top-ten lists, was named the best album of the year by Entertainment Weekly and Time, and (in an article previewing summer concerts) NME urged readers to attend The Strokes' shows—as they were touring some of the "best pop songs ever".
While critics noted the influence of CBGB stalwarts Television, Casablancas and bandmates said they had never heard the band, instead citing the Velvet Underground and the Doors as reference points.
After the release of Is This It, the band toured around the world—including Japan, Australia, New Zealand, Europe, and North America (the band opened for the Rolling Stones on numerous occasions during the North American leg of their tour).
The self-made mini-documentary "In Transit" was filmed during the summer tour of Europe.
In August 2002, the band headlined the UK's Carling Weekend festivals for the second time, subsequently playing at New York's Radio City Music Hall on a bill with the White Stripes.
Jack White joined The Strokes on stage to perform the guitar solo on "New York City Cops".
During that period, the band also appeared as musical guests on numerous late-night talk shows.
Is This It yielded several singles and music videos, all of which were directed by Roman Coppola.
Is This It has had an enduring impact on fans and critics alike.
In 2009, NME named Is This It as the Greatest Album of the Decade (2000s).
The album placed second on a similar list compiled by Rolling Stone (the same issue featured a list of the '100 Best Songs of the 00s', featuring "Hard to Explain" and "Last Nite"  at Nos.
In January 2011, Rolling Stone surveyed their Facebook fans to determine the top ten debut albums of all time.
Is This It came in at number ten and was also the most recent behind Pearl Jam's 1991 debut.
=== Room on Fire (2003–2004) ===  The group began recording their follow-up in 2002 with producer Nigel Godrich (best known for his work with Radiohead), but later split with him in favor of Gordon Raphael, the producer of Is This It.
Recordings with Godrich were never revealed.
In August 2003, the band toured Japan, playing a couple of the upcoming songs: "Reptilia", "Meet Me in the Bathroom", "The Way It Is", "Between Love & Hate" (formerly known as "Ze Newie") and "12:51" (formerly known as "Supernova").
The band also played Paul Anka's "My Way" with Japanese lyrics.
The Strokes released their second album Room on Fire in October 2003.
It received praise from critics but was less commercially successful, although it still went gold.
The album's sound maintained The Strokes' familiar reference points, while also evoking groups such as the Cars, Bob Marley, and Blondie.
In the process, they made the cover of Spin Magazine for the second time, with each member receiving his own cover.
They also made the cover of Rolling Stone for the first time.
Additional media coverage of the band came from the relationship between Moretti and actress Drew Barrymore, which ended in January 2007.
The first single taken from Room on Fire was the song "12:51", which used distinct keyboard-like sounds produced by Valensi's guitar.
The video was also directed by Roman Coppola, and was inspired by the futuristic look of the 1980s film Tron.
This consisted of a mainly black scene, with instances of glowing picton blue and riptide.
In November 2003, The Strokes played on Late Night with Conan O'Brien, performing "Reptilia", "What Ever Happened", "Under Control" and "I Can't Win".
During the 2003–2004 "Room on Fire Tour", the band were supported by Kings of Leon and Regina Spektor.
While on tour, Spektor and The Strokes recorded the song "Modern Girls & Old Fashion Men", released as a B-side on the "Reptilia" single.
Also during the tour, the band included the Clash's "Clampdown" as a cover, which was released as the B-side for "The End Has No End".
In late 2004, The Strokes revealed plans to release a live album.
The Live in London LP was planned for release in October 2004, but was abandoned, reportedly due to recording quality problems.
The chosen gig was one held at the legendary Alexandra Palace in North London.
=== First Impressions of Earth and hiatus (2005–2007) ===  In late September 2005, "Juicebox", the first single from The Strokes' then unreleased third album, was leaked online, forcing the single's release date to be advanced.
The single was then released as an exclusive on online download services.
"Juicebox" became The Strokes' second UK Top 10 hit, as well as their second US Modern Rock Top 10 success.
During November and December 2005 The Strokes did a promotional tour for the still unreleased album, which involved doing one-off shows in major cities around the world.
Their third album, First Impressions of Earth, was released on January 3, 2006.
It received mixed reviews and debuted at number four in the U.S.
and number one in the UK, the latter being a first for the band.
In Japan, it went gold within the first week of release.
It was also the most downloaded album for two weeks on iTunes.
Fraiture claimed that the album was "like a scientific breakthrough".
In January 2006, the band then made their second appearance on Saturday Night Live playing "Juicebox" and "You Only Live Once".
The album was somewhat a departure from the band's two previous albums.
One reason for this was a switch of producers from Gordon Raphael to David Kahne.
Despite its initial strong sales, First Impressions of Earth received the worst reception, both commercially and critically, of all their albums.
In 2006, the band played eighteen sold-out shows during their UK tour.
In February 2006, The Strokes won "Best International Band" at the NME Awards.
The second single off First Impressions of Earth, "Heart in a Cage", was released in March 2006.
During the summer of 2006, The Strokes played several festival dates in Europe, including the Hultsfred Festival in Sweden, Roskilde Festival in Denmark, the Oxegen Festival in Ireland, the Montreux Jazz Festival in Switzerland, the FIB (Festival Internacional de Benicàssim), Fuji Rock Festival and headlined the Pentaport Rock Festival in South Korea.
They then toured Australia and Mexico in late August and early September, followed by the second leg of the United States tour.
While in the U.S., The Strokes opened for Tom Petty & the Heartbreakers for five shows during their Highway Companion tour.
The Strokes went on to complete another US tour.
During this final tour, Casablancas stated to fans that the band would be taking an extensive break after it finished.
An e-mail was sent out soon afterwards by Strokes manager Ryan Gentles, confirming that "much needed break".
A new band website went online in May 2007 along with the release of an alternate video to their single "You Only Live Once" directed by Warren Fu.
The video also featured a brief interlude with "Ize of the World", also from First Impressions of Earth.
The song "You Talk Way Too Much" was used in a commercial for the Ford Sync.
Aleksandra Cisneros became The Strokes' assistant manager in late 2007.
=== Angles (2009–2011) ===  The Strokes frontman Julian Casablancas and guitarist Nick Valensi started writing material for the album in January 2009, intent on entering the studio that February.
Julian commented in Rolling Stone that they had completed about three songs that sounded like a mixture of 1970s rock and "music from the future".
On March 31, 2009, the band made an announcement from their MySpace account that announced the end of their "much needed hibernation period" and the commencement of new writing and rehearsing for a fourth full-length album, entitled Angles.
This album would be different from the first three due to the fact that the music for the album would also be written by the other four Strokes, rather than Casablancas writing a majority share of the material once again: "It's supercollaborative, and it sounds different," said Valensi, "but it has a Strokes vibe to it." In an NME article, Pharrell Williams expressed interest in producing this upcoming album.
This followed the news that Casablancas had collaborated with both Williams and Santigold on "My Drive Thru", a track commemorating the 100th anniversary of Converse's Chuck Taylor All-Stars shoe.
The song was available as a free download from the official Converse website.
The album was due to be released in late 2009, but disagreements about just how ready the songs were to be released forced The Strokes to move the actual release date back.
On February 1, 2010, The Strokes announced on their website that the recording of the fourth album was being helmed by award-winning producer Joe Chiccarelli.
According to Chiccarelli in an interview with HitQuarters, the two parties first met in 2009 and, after finding they shared a similar mind space and similar thoughts on the potential direction of the new record, tried out some tracking.
Not long after recording began, however, the band became frustrated with Chiccarelli's reserved production style.
Only one song from these recording sessions, "Life Is Simple in the Moonlight", remained on the album's track listing.
Inspired, in part, by other contemporary bands like MGMT, Arctic Monkeys, and Crystal Castles, The Strokes decided to experiment with various production techniques, and recorded the rest of the album's material at Albert Hammond Jr.'s home studio in upstate New York with award-winning engineer Gus Oberg.
The Strokes confirmed that they would be headlining the Isle of Wight Festival, Lollapalooza, Roskilde Festival, Hurricane Festival, Splendour in the Grass, Rockness, Outside Lands Music and Arts Festival, On The Bright Side, and Austin City Limits Music Festival in 2010.
Additionally, The Strokes were announced as the 2011 headliner for the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival and the New Orleans Jazz & Heritage Festival in May, Festival Internacional de Benicàssim, Oxegen, Paléo, Peace & Love and Super Bock Super Rock in July, and Reading Festival and Summer Sonic in August.
They were also sub-headliners to Pulp at Leeds Festival during the bank holiday weekend in August.
On June 9, 2010, at Dingwalls London, England, the band played a secret show under the name 'Venison' to a crowd of just 487.
This was their first live gig since October 2006.
The lead single from the new album, "Under Cover of Darkness", was released on February 9, 2011.
The 7" was officially released on March 1, 2011, and contained another track from Angles, "You're So Right", as the B-side, followed by the album on March 18, 2011.In mid-March 2011, an interview with ShortList magazine revealed that The Strokes had already begun working on their fifth studio album.
However, sessions were delayed due to the mixing process of Angles.
Julian Casablancas and Nick Valensi both confirmed that there was material in the works as well as plenty of leftover material.
Frontman Julian Casablancas claimed that the band was eager to begin working on new material and were already supposed to, but it took longer than expected to master Angles.
"Taken for a Fool" was confirmed as the second single, which was sent to U.S.
On June 9, The Strokes announced that a music video for "Taken For a Fool" was in the works, and that it would be directed by Laurent Briet.
They revealed that the music video should be finished by the end of the month.
The Strokes put out the music video for "Taken For a Fool" on July 8, 2011.
=== Comedown Machine (2012−2015) ===  In April 2012, bassist Nikolai Fraiture posted a tweet announcing that the band was heading into the studio to work on some new ideas.
The Strokes later revealed that they were planning to record a new album as soon as possible.
Fraiture added that the band would record their fifth album in the same manner as they put together Angles, with each member bringing in his own ideas and putting them together in the studio.
On January 17, 2013, Seattle alternative radio station 107.7 The End posted on their Facebook page that they were previewing a new song by The Strokes entitled "All the Time".
It was later confirmed that "All the Time" would be the lead single from the untitled fifth album.
On January 25, 2013, the song "One Way Trigger" was published on their official website, and made available for free download.
The song was initially met with a mixed reaction from fans of the band.
On January 28, a Reddit user discovered what he correctly assumed to be the new album cover within the subpages of the band's official website, which led to a widespread rumor that the new album would be titled Comedown Machine.
On January 30, the title for the fifth album was revealed to be Comedown Machine, set to be released on March 26 in the U.S.
On February 13, 2013, the first single from the band's fifth album premiered on the radio, named "All the Time".
The single was released for download on February 19, and was described as a return to the classic Strokes sound of first albums Is This It and Room on Fire.
The album was released on March 25, 2013, in the UK and March 26 in the United States.
The band decided to pull a media blackout with the album: no promotion in the form of TV appearances, interviews, photos, shows, or tours.
On October 15, 2013, the band revealed that they were looking to "return to the scene" in 2014.
In May 2014, The Strokes performed their first U.S.
show in three years at the Capitol Theatre in Port Chester, New York, performing songs from Comedown Machine for the first time.
The band played at three other shows in 2014, including two headlining slots at Governors Ball Music Festival in New York City and FYF Fest in Los Angeles.
On November 12, 2014, it was announced the band would headline Primavera Sound in 2015 for the festival's 15th anniversary.
On March 2, 2015, the band announced their second 2015 European festival headline appearance would be at London's annual British Summer Time: Hyde Park festival on June 18, 2015, the band's first London show in five years.
The announcement takes the band's number of appearances slated for 2015 up to six, with them also playing Big Guava Music Festival in Tampa, Florida, Shaky Knees Festival in Atlanta, Georgia, Landmark Festival in Washington, D.C., and Austin City Limits in Austin, Texas, as well as the previously announced Primavera Sound 15th Anniversary.
During their performance at Landmark Music Festival lead singer Julian Casablancas stated that the band was back in the studio working on a follow-up to their 2013 album Comedown Machine.
In late 2015, The Strokes announced another date; at Monterrey, Mexico, during the festivities of the newborn festival Live Out.
=== Future Present Past EP (2016–2017) ===  The Strokes played their first show of 2016 at Samsung's Galaxy Life Fest in Austin, Texas.
On May 24, 2016, The Strokes announced another New York show on May 31 at the Capitol Theatre.
On May 26, 2016, Julian Casablancas premiered "OBLIVIUS" on the debut of his monthly radio show Culture Void on Sirius XMU.
Cult Records announced the release of Future Present Past, a four-song EP by The Strokes, in addition to the exclusive signing of the band to its roster.
The EP includes three original songs ("Drag Queen", "OBLIVIUS", and "Threat of Joy"), along with an additional remix of "OBLIVIUS" by drummer, Fab Moretti.
The EP was released on June 3, in both digital and physical formats to coincide with the band's headlining performance at Governors Ball Music Festival in New York City.
"Future Present Past" was recorded over the past year in Austin and New York with the help of producer, Gus Oberg.
The band played at the Splendour in the Grass festival in Byron Bay, New South Wales, Australia on July 22, 2016.
They followed this performance with the inaugural City of Angels Benefit concert in Los Angeles to support charities such as Waste Not Want Not Now, the Center in Hollywood, and the Downtown's Women's Center on July 25, 2016.
The band performed a series of festival dates taking place throughout early 2017.
Festival dates include performances in Estéreo Picnic Festival as well as Lollapalooza Brasil, Lollapalooza Chile, and Lollapalooza Argentina.
The band's first live performance of the year took place headlining the Estéreo Picnic Festival.
The crowd in attendance of their Argentina show was reportedly 90,000 people.
After the Lollapalooza Argentina show, it was revealed that their headlining slot at the festival was, to this day, their "biggest show ever" by Fraiture on social media.
=== The New Abnormal (2019–present) ===  In October 2016, guitarist Valensi indicated that the band were "slowly but surely working on an album, we're kind of just in writing sessions".
said The Strokes are working with Rick Rubin.
took to Twitter to clarify that "we met and played a few music ideas for Rick to feel out a vibe but even a theoretical album plan would be years away, if at all".
He also tweeted, "Sorry everyone we are not in the studio recording" and that there were "a lot of unknowns and nothing worth speaking about at this time." In May 2019, the band performed for the first time in over two years at a benefit show in Los Angeles.
At this venue, the band debuted a new song entitled "The Adults Are Talking".
The show kicked off the band's "global comeback" tour.
However, this tour was met with many obstacles early on, from sound issues to rained-out shows to entire festivals being cancelled.
During the band's 2019 New Year's Eve show in Brooklyn, Casablancas announced that the band's sixth studio album would be released sometime in 2020.
At the show, they also debuted a new song, titled "Ode to the Mets".
On February 10, 2020, the band performed at a rally for presidential candidate Bernie Sanders at the University of New Hampshire.
At this performance, Casablancas formally announced the band's sixth studio album and that the title would be The New Abnormal.
He confirmed the release date of the album to be April 10 of that year.
The band reportedly played two new songs at this show.
On February 11, the band released a new song, "At the Door", the first single off of their sixth studio album.
Two more singles followed, "Bad Decisions", and "Brooklyn Bridge to Chorus".
Their sixth studio album, The New Abnormal, was released worldwide on April 10, 2020.
On October 24, the band was confirmed for their fourth appearance as the musical guest for the October 31 episode of Saturday Night Live with John Mulaney hosting, where they performed "The Adults are Talking" and "Bad Decisions" from The New Abnormal.
On June 21, 2021, the band shared a video in support of New York City mayoral candidate Maya Wiley featuring a clip of a new song "Starting Again" co-written with Gregg Alexander.
Throughout 2022, the band were as present as ever in touring, including headlining at Lollapalooza dates in Brazil, Chile, and Argentina, as well as other high-profile music festivals in Europe.
On June 17, 2022, the band performed a benefit concert in support of Chicago-based congressional candidate Kina Collins.
That summer, they toured as an opening act on the Red Hot Chili Peppers 2022 Global Stadium Tour.
In October 2022, Rubin revealed he'd been recording a new album with The Strokes in Costa Rica.
As of January 2025, there has been no update on that album, with Casablancas in particular focusing more on his experimental music with The Voidz, remarking that with the Strokes "Some of my dreams were kind of shattered a little bit along the way within that." On March 8, 2024, the band performed their second benefit concert in support of Collins' third congressional bid.
== Musical style == The band's sound has been described as indie rock, garage rock revival, and post-punk revival by media outlets.
The band also incorporated new wave and synth-pop on later records like Angles and The New Abnormal.
Casablancas has cited the Doors as an inspiration for him to start a music career, and Lou Reed of the Velvet Underground as a major influence on his lyrics and singing style: "The way Lou Reed wrote and sang about drugs and sex, about the people around him – it was so matter-of-fact," Casablancas stated in a Rolling Stone interview, "Reed could be romantic in the way he portrayed these crazy situations, but he was also intensely real.
It was poetry and journalism." Additionally, he has stated that Bob Marley, Nirvana and Pearl Jam are major influences on his work, the latter being the reason that he started making music after hearing the song "Yellow Ledbetter".
== Legacy and influence == The Strokes' debut album Is This It was named number one album of the year by NME and number two by Rolling Stone; it earned The Strokes tremendous respect across various artists in the alternative music scene.
The lead singer of LCD Soundsystem, James Murphy, has said, "Is This It was my record of the decade." The album won Best International Album in 2002, nominated by NME, and the ASCAP College Vanguard Award.
Brandon Flowers of the Killers told NME that he felt "depressed" after hearing The Strokes' album Is This It.
"That record just sounded so perfect", he said.
"We threw away everything [we were working on] and the only song that made the cut and remained was "Mr.
The Strokes have been said to be, "as influential to their era as the Velvet Underground or the Ramones were to theirs", by Lizzy Goodman in her book on the New York City music scene, claiming that, "almost every artist I interviewed for this book – from all over the world – said it was The Strokes that opened the door for them." The band was named Band of the Year in 2002 by Spin and have heavily influenced bands like the Killers, Arctic Monkeys, and Franz Ferdinand.
Alex Turner, lead singer of Arctic Monkeys, sang "I just wanted to be one of The Strokes" in their 2018 song 'Star Treatment'.
Other bands that have cited the Strokes as an influence include Wet Leg and We Are Scientists.
== Band members == Julian Casablancas – lead vocals (1998–present); drums (2005), keyboards (2009–present) Nick Valensi – lead and rhythm guitars, backing vocals (1998–present); keyboards (2005–present) Fabrizio Moretti – drums, percussion (1998–present); keyboards (2009–present) Nikolai Fraiture – bass (1998–present); keyboards (2009–present) Albert Hammond Jr.
– rhythm and lead guitars, backing vocals (1999–present); keyboards (2009–present)   == Discography ==  Is This It (2001) Room on Fire (2003) First Impressions of Earth (2005) Angles (2011) Comedown Machine (2013) The New Abnormal (2020)   == Awards and nominations ==  The Strokes 2020 LP The New Abnormal won Best Rock Album at the 63rd Annual Grammy Awards.
== References ==   == External links ==  Official website
In machine learning, deep learning focuses on utilizing multilayered neural networks to perform tasks such as classification, regression, and representation learning.
The field takes inspiration from biological neuroscience and is centered around stacking artificial neurons into layers and "training" them to process data.
The adjective "deep" refers to the use of multiple layers (ranging from three to several hundred or thousands) in the network.
Methods used can be supervised, semi-supervised or unsupervised.
Some common deep learning network architectures include fully connected networks, deep belief networks, recurrent neural networks, convolutional neural networks, generative adversarial networks, transformers, and neural radiance fields.
These architectures have been applied to fields including computer vision, speech recognition, natural language processing, machine translation, bioinformatics, drug design, medical image analysis, climate science, material inspection and board game programs, where they have produced results comparable to and in some cases surpassing human expert performance.
Early forms of neural networks were inspired by information processing and distributed communication nodes in biological systems, particularly the human brain.
However, current neural networks do not intend to model the brain function of organisms, and are generally seen as low-quality models for that purpose.
== Overview == Most modern deep learning models are based on multi-layered neural networks such as convolutional neural networks and transformers, although they can also include propositional formulas or latent variables organized layer-wise in deep generative models such as the nodes in deep belief networks and deep Boltzmann machines.
Fundamentally, deep learning refers to a class of machine learning algorithms in which a hierarchy of layers is used to transform input data into a progressively more abstract and composite representation.
For example, in an image recognition model, the raw input may be an image (represented as a tensor of pixels).
The first representational layer may attempt to identify basic shapes such as lines and circles, the second layer may compose and encode arrangements of edges, the third layer may encode a nose and eyes, and the fourth layer may recognize that the image contains a face.
Importantly, a deep learning process can learn which features to optimally place at which level on its own.
Prior to deep learning, machine learning techniques often involved hand-crafted feature engineering to transform the data into a more suitable representation for a classification algorithm to operate on.
In the deep learning approach, features are not hand-crafted and the model discovers useful feature representations from the data automatically.
This does not eliminate the need for hand-tuning; for example, varying numbers of layers and layer sizes can provide different degrees of abstraction.
The word "deep" in "deep learning" refers to the number of layers through which the data is transformed.
More precisely, deep learning systems have a substantial credit assignment path (CAP) depth.
The CAP is the chain of transformations from input to output.
CAPs describe potentially causal connections between input and output.
For a feedforward neural network, the depth of the CAPs is that of the network and is the number of hidden layers plus one (as the output layer is also parameterized).
For recurrent neural networks, in which a signal may propagate through a layer more than once, the CAP depth is potentially unlimited.
No universally agreed-upon threshold of depth divides shallow learning from deep learning, but most researchers agree that deep learning involves CAP depth higher than two.
CAP of depth two has been shown to be a universal approximator in the sense that it can emulate any function.
Beyond that, more layers do not add to the function approximator ability of the network.
Deep models (CAP > two) are able to extract better features than shallow models and hence, extra layers help in learning the features effectively.
Deep learning architectures can be constructed with a greedy layer-by-layer method.
Deep learning helps to disentangle these abstractions and pick out which features improve performance.
Deep learning algorithms can be applied to unsupervised learning tasks.
This is an important benefit because unlabeled data is more abundant than the labeled data.
Examples of deep structures that can be trained in an unsupervised manner are deep belief networks.
The term deep learning was introduced to the machine learning community by Rina Dechter in 1986, and to artificial neural networks by Igor Aizenberg and colleagues in 2000, in the context of Boolean threshold neurons.
Although the history of its appearance is apparently more complicated.
== Interpretations == Deep neural networks are generally interpreted in terms of the universal approximation theorem or probabilistic inference.
The classic universal approximation theorem concerns the capacity of feedforward neural networks with a single hidden layer of finite size to approximate continuous functions.
In 1989, the first proof was published by George Cybenko for sigmoid activation functions and was generalised to feed-forward multi-layer architectures in 1991 by Kurt Hornik.
Recent work also showed that universal approximation also holds for non-bounded activation functions such as Kunihiko Fukushima's rectified linear unit.
The universal approximation theorem for deep neural networks concerns the capacity of networks with bounded width but the depth is allowed to grow.
proved that if the width of a deep neural network with ReLU activation is strictly larger than the input dimension, then the network can approximate any Lebesgue integrable function; if the width is smaller or equal to the input dimension, then a deep neural network is not a universal approximator.
The probabilistic interpretation derives from the field of machine learning.
It features inference, as well as the optimization concepts of training and testing, related to fitting and generalization, respectively.
More specifically, the probabilistic interpretation considers the activation nonlinearity as a cumulative distribution function.
The probabilistic interpretation led to the introduction of dropout as regularizer in neural networks.
The probabilistic interpretation was introduced by researchers including Hopfield, Widrow and Narendra and popularized in surveys such as the one by Bishop.
== History ==   === Before 1980 === There are two types of artificial neural network (ANN): feedforward neural network (FNN) or multilayer perceptron (MLP) and recurrent neural networks (RNN).
RNNs have cycles in their connectivity structure, FNNs don't.
In the 1920s, Wilhelm Lenz and Ernst Ising created the Ising model which is essentially a non-learning RNN architecture consisting of neuron-like threshold elements.
In 1972, Shun'ichi Amari made this architecture adaptive.
His learning RNN was republished by John Hopfield in 1982.
Other early recurrent neural networks were published by Kaoru Nakano in 1971.
Already in 1948, Alan Turing produced work on "Intelligent Machinery"  that was not published in his lifetime, containing "ideas related to artificial evolution and learning RNNs".
Frank Rosenblatt (1958) proposed the perceptron, an MLP with 3 layers: an input layer, a hidden layer with randomized weights that did not learn, and an output layer.
He later published a 1962 book that also introduced variants and computer experiments, including a version with four-layer perceptrons "with adaptive preterminal networks" where the last two layers have learned weights (here he credits H.
Joseph (1960) "functionally equivalent to a variation of" this four-layer system (the book mentions Joseph over 30 times).
Should Joseph therefore be considered the originator of proper adaptive multilayer perceptrons with learning hidden units?
Unfortunately, the learning algorithm was not a functional one, and fell into oblivion.
The first working deep learning algorithm was the Group method of data handling, a method to train arbitrarily deep neural networks, published by Alexey Ivakhnenko and Lapa in 1965.
They regarded it as a form of polynomial regression, or a generalization of Rosenblatt's perceptron to handle more complex, nonlinear, and hierarchical relationships.
A 1971 paper described a deep network with eight layers trained by this method, which is based on layer by layer training through regression analysis.
Superfluous hidden units are pruned using a separate validation set.
Since the activation functions of the nodes are Kolmogorov-Gabor polynomials, these were also the first deep networks with multiplicative units or "gates".
The first deep learning multilayer perceptron trained by stochastic gradient descent was published in 1967 by Shun'ichi Amari.
In computer experiments conducted by Amari's student Saito, a five layer MLP with two modifiable layers learned  internal representations to classify non-linearily separable pattern classes.
Subsequent developments in hardware and hyperparameter tunings have made end-to-end stochastic gradient descent the currently dominant training technique.
In 1969, Kunihiko Fukushima introduced the ReLU (rectified linear unit) activation function.
The rectifier has become the most popular activation function for deep learning.
Deep learning architectures for convolutional neural networks (CNNs) with convolutional layers and downsampling layers began with the Neocognitron introduced by Kunihiko Fukushima in 1979, though not trained by backpropagation.
Backpropagation is an efficient application of the chain rule derived by Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz in 1673 to networks of differentiable nodes.
The terminology "back-propagating errors" was actually introduced in 1962 by Rosenblatt, but he did not know how to implement this, although Henry J.
Kelley had a continuous precursor of backpropagation in 1960 in the context of control theory.
The modern form of backpropagation was first published in Seppo Linnainmaa's master thesis (1970).
Paul Werbos applied backpropagation to neural networks in 1982 (his 1974 PhD thesis, reprinted in a 1994 book, did not yet describe the algorithm).
popularised backpropagation but did not cite the original work.
=== 1980s-2000s === The time delay neural network (TDNN) was introduced in 1987 by Alex Waibel to apply CNN to phoneme recognition.
It used convolutions, weight sharing, and backpropagation.
In 1988, Wei Zhang applied a backpropagation-trained CNN to alphabet recognition.
created a CNN called LeNet for recognizing handwritten ZIP codes on mail.
In 1990, Wei Zhang implemented a CNN on optical computing hardware.
In 1991, a CNN was applied to medical image object segmentation and breast cancer detection in mammograms.
LeNet-5 (1998), a 7-level CNN by Yann LeCun et al., that classifies digits, was applied by several banks to recognize hand-written numbers on checks  digitized in 32x32 pixel images.
Recurrent neural networks (RNN) were further developed in the 1980s.
Recurrence is used for sequence processing, and when a recurrent network is unrolled, it mathematically resembles a deep feedforward layer.
Consequently, they have similar properties and issues, and their developments had mutual influences.
In RNN, two early influential works were the Jordan network (1986) and the Elman network (1990), which applied RNN to study problems in cognitive psychology.
In the 1980s, backpropagation did not work well for deep learning with long credit assignment paths.
To overcome this problem, in 1991, Jürgen Schmidhuber proposed a hierarchy of RNNs pre-trained one level at a time by self-supervised learning where each RNN tries to predict its own next input, which is the next unexpected input of the RNN below.
This "neural history compressor" uses predictive coding  to learn internal representations at multiple self-organizing time scales.
This can substantially facilitate downstream deep learning.
The RNN hierarchy can be collapsed into a single RNN, by  distilling a higher level chunker network into a lower level automatizer network.
In 1993, a neural history compressor solved a "Very Deep Learning" task that required more than 1000 subsequent layers in an RNN unfolded in time.
The "P" in ChatGPT refers to such pre-training.
Sepp Hochreiter's diploma thesis (1991) implemented the neural history compressor, and identified and analyzed the vanishing gradient problem.
Hochreiter proposed recurrent residual connections to solve the vanishing gradient problem.
This led to the long short-term memory (LSTM), published in 1995.
LSTM can learn "very deep learning" tasks with long credit assignment paths that require memories of events that happened thousands of discrete time steps before.
That LSTM was not yet the modern architecture, which required a "forget gate", introduced in 1999, which became the standard RNN architecture.
In 1991, Jürgen Schmidhuber also published adversarial neural networks that contest with each other in the form of a zero-sum game, where one network's gain is the other network's loss.
The first network is a generative model that models a probability distribution over output patterns.
The second network learns by gradient descent to predict the reactions of the environment to these patterns.
In 2014, this principle was used in generative adversarial networks (GANs).
During 1985–1995, inspired by statistical mechanics, several architectures and methods were developed by Terry Sejnowski, Peter Dayan, Geoffrey Hinton, etc., including the Boltzmann machine, restricted Boltzmann machine, Helmholtz machine, and the wake-sleep algorithm.
These were designed for unsupervised learning of deep generative models.
However, those were more computationally expensive compared to backpropagation.
Boltzmann machine learning algorithm, published in 1985, was briefly popular before being eclipsed by the backpropagation algorithm in 1986.
A 1988 network became state of the art in protein structure prediction, an early application of deep learning to bioinformatics.
Both shallow and deep learning (e.g., recurrent nets) of ANNs for speech recognition have been explored for many years.
These methods never outperformed non-uniform internal-handcrafting Gaussian mixture model/Hidden Markov model (GMM-HMM) technology based on generative models of speech trained discriminatively.
Key difficulties have been analyzed, including gradient diminishing and weak temporal correlation structure in neural predictive models.
Additional difficulties were the lack of training data and limited computing power.
Most speech recognition researchers moved away from neural nets to pursue generative modeling.
An exception was at SRI International in the late 1990s.
Funded by the US government's NSA and DARPA, SRI researched in speech and speaker recognition.
The speaker recognition team led by Larry Heck reported significant success with deep neural networks in speech processing in the 1998 NIST Speaker Recognition benchmark.
It was deployed in the Nuance Verifier, representing the first major industrial application of deep learning.
The principle of elevating "raw" features over hand-crafted optimization was first explored successfully in the architecture of deep autoencoder on the "raw" spectrogram or linear filter-bank features in the late 1990s, showing its superiority over the Mel-Cepstral features that contain stages of fixed transformation from spectrograms.
The raw features of speech, waveforms, later produced excellent larger-scale results.
=== 2000s === Neural networks entered a lull, and simpler models that use task-specific handcrafted features such as Gabor filters and support vector machines (SVMs) became the preferred choices in the 1990s and 2000s, because of artificial neural networks' computational cost and a lack of understanding of how the brain wires its biological networks.
In 2003, LSTM became competitive with traditional speech recognizers on certain tasks.
In 2006, Alex Graves, Santiago Fernández, Faustino Gomez, and Schmidhuber combined it with connectionist temporal classification (CTC) in stacks of LSTMs.
In 2009, it became the first RNN to win a pattern recognition contest, in connected handwriting recognition.
In 2006, publications by Geoff Hinton, Ruslan Salakhutdinov, Osindero and Teh deep belief networks were developed for generative modeling.
They are trained by training one restricted Boltzmann machine, then freezing it and training another one on top of the first one, and so on, then optionally fine-tuned using supervised backpropagation.
They could model high-dimensional probability distributions, such as the distribution of MNIST images, but convergence was slow.
The impact of deep learning in industry began in the early 2000s, when CNNs already processed an estimated 10% to 20% of all the checks written in the US, according to Yann LeCun.
Industrial applications of deep learning to large-scale speech recognition started around 2010.
The 2009 NIPS Workshop on Deep Learning for Speech Recognition was motivated by the limitations of deep generative models of speech, and the possibility that given more capable hardware and large-scale data sets that deep neural nets might become practical.
It was believed that pre-training DNNs using generative models of deep belief nets (DBN) would overcome the main difficulties of neural nets.
However, it was discovered that replacing pre-training with large amounts of training data for straightforward backpropagation when using DNNs with large, context-dependent output layers produced error rates dramatically lower than then-state-of-the-art Gaussian mixture model (GMM)/Hidden Markov Model (HMM) and also than more-advanced generative model-based systems.
The nature of the recognition errors produced by the two types of systems was characteristically different, offering technical insights into how to integrate deep learning into the existing highly efficient, run-time speech decoding system deployed by all major speech recognition systems.
Analysis around 2009–2010, contrasting the GMM (and other generative speech models) vs.
DNN models, stimulated early industrial investment in deep learning for speech recognition.
That analysis was done with comparable performance (less than 1.5% in error rate) between discriminative DNNs and generative models.
In 2010, researchers extended deep learning from TIMIT to large vocabulary speech recognition, by adopting large output layers of the DNN based on context-dependent HMM states constructed by decision trees.
=== Deep learning revolution ===  The deep learning revolution started around CNN- and GPU-based computer vision.
Although CNNs trained by backpropagation had been around for decades and GPU implementations of NNs for years, including CNNs, faster implementations of CNNs on GPUs were needed to progress on computer vision.
Later, as deep learning becomes widespread, specialized hardware and algorithm optimizations were developed specifically for deep learning.
A key advance for the deep learning revolution was hardware advances, especially GPU.
In 2009, Raina, Madhavan, and Andrew Ng reported a 100M deep belief network trained on 30 Nvidia GeForce GTX 280 GPUs, an early demonstration of GPU-based deep learning.
They reported up to 70 times faster training.
In 2011, a CNN named DanNet by Dan Ciresan, Ueli Meier, Jonathan Masci, Luca Maria Gambardella, and Jürgen Schmidhuber achieved for the first time superhuman performance in a visual pattern recognition contest, outperforming traditional methods by a factor of 3.
They also showed how max-pooling CNNs on GPU improved performance significantly.
In 2012, Andrew Ng and Jeff Dean created an FNN that learned to recognize higher-level concepts, such as cats, only from watching unlabeled images taken from YouTube videos.
In October 2012, AlexNet by Alex Krizhevsky, Ilya Sutskever, and Geoffrey Hinton won the large-scale ImageNet competition by a significant margin over shallow machine learning methods.
Further incremental improvements included the VGG-16 network by Karen Simonyan and Andrew Zisserman and Google's Inceptionv3.
The success in image classification was then extended to the more challenging task of generating descriptions (captions) for images, often as a combination of CNNs and LSTMs.
In 2014, the state of the art was training "very deep neural network" with 20 to 30 layers.
Stacking too many layers led to a steep reduction in training accuracy, known as the "degradation" problem.
In 2015, two techniques were developed to train very deep networks: the Highway Network was published in May 2015, and the residual neural network (ResNet) in Dec 2015.
ResNet behaves like an open-gated Highway Net.
Around the same time, deep learning started impacting the field of art.
Early examples included Google DeepDream (2015), and neural style transfer (2015), both of which were based on pretrained image classification neural networks, such as VGG-19.
Generative adversarial network (GAN) by (Ian Goodfellow et al., 2014) (based on  Jürgen Schmidhuber's principle of artificial curiosity) became state of the art in generative modeling during 2014-2018 period.
Excellent image quality is achieved by Nvidia's StyleGAN (2018) based on the Progressive GAN by Tero Karras et al.
Here the GAN generator is grown from small to large scale in a pyramidal fashion.
Image generation by GAN reached popular success, and provoked discussions concerning deepfakes.
Diffusion models (2015) eclipsed GANs in generative modeling since then, with systems such as DALL·E 2 (2022) and Stable Diffusion (2022).
In 2015, Google's speech recognition improved by 49% by an LSTM-based model, which they made available through Google Voice Search on smartphone.
Deep learning is part of state-of-the-art systems in various disciplines, particularly computer vision and automatic speech recognition (ASR).
Results on commonly used evaluation sets such as TIMIT (ASR) and MNIST (image classification), as well as a range of large-vocabulary speech recognition tasks have steadily improved.
Convolutional neural networks were superseded for ASR by LSTM.
but are more successful in computer vision.
Yoshua Bengio, Geoffrey Hinton and Yann LeCun were awarded the 2018 Turing Award for "conceptual and engineering breakthroughs that have made deep neural networks a critical component of computing".
== Neural networks ==  Artificial neural networks (ANNs) or connectionist systems are computing systems inspired by the biological neural networks that constitute animal brains.
Such systems learn (progressively improve their ability) to do tasks by considering examples, generally without task-specific programming.
For example, in image recognition, they might learn to identify images that contain cats by analyzing example images that have been manually labeled as "cat" or "no cat" and using the analytic results to identify cats in other images.
They have found most use in applications difficult to express with a traditional computer algorithm using rule-based programming.
An ANN is based on a collection of connected units called artificial neurons, (analogous to biological neurons in a biological brain).
Each connection (synapse) between neurons can transmit a signal to another neuron.
The receiving (postsynaptic) neuron can process the signal(s) and then signal downstream neurons connected to it.
Neurons may have state, generally represented by real numbers, typically between 0 and 1.
Neurons and synapses may also have a weight that varies as learning proceeds, which can increase or decrease the strength of the signal that it sends downstream.
Typically, neurons are organized in layers.
Different layers may perform different kinds of transformations on their inputs.
Signals travel from the first (input), to the last (output) layer, possibly after traversing the layers multiple times.
The original goal of the neural network approach was to solve problems in the same way that a human brain would.
Over time, attention focused on matching specific mental abilities, leading to deviations from biology such as backpropagation, or passing information in the reverse direction and adjusting the network to reflect that information.
Neural networks have been used on a variety of tasks, including computer vision, speech recognition, machine translation, social network filtering, playing board and video games and medical diagnosis.
As of 2017, neural networks typically have a few thousand to a few million units and millions of connections.
Despite this number being several order of magnitude less than the number of neurons on a human brain, these networks can perform many tasks at a level beyond that of humans (e.g., recognizing faces, or playing "Go").
=== Deep neural networks === A deep neural network (DNN) is an artificial neural network with multiple layers between the input and output layers.
There are different types of neural networks but they always consist of the same components: neurons, synapses, weights, biases, and functions.
These components as a whole function in a way that mimics functions of the human brain, and can be trained like any other ML algorithm.
For example, a DNN that is trained to recognize dog breeds will go over the given image and calculate the probability that the dog in the image is a certain breed.
The user can review the results and select which probabilities the network should display (above a certain threshold, etc.) and return the proposed label.
Each mathematical manipulation as such is considered a layer, and complex DNN have many layers, hence the name "deep" networks.
DNNs can model complex non-linear relationships.
DNN architectures generate compositional models where the object is expressed as a layered composition of primitives.
The extra layers enable composition of features from lower layers, potentially modeling complex data with fewer units than a similarly performing shallow network.
For instance, it was proved that sparse multivariate polynomials are exponentially easier to approximate with DNNs than with shallow networks.
Deep architectures include many variants of a few basic approaches.
Each architecture has found success in specific domains.
It is not always possible to compare the performance of multiple architectures, unless they have been evaluated on the same data sets.
DNNs are typically feedforward networks in which data flows from the input layer to the output layer without looping back.
At first, the DNN creates a map of virtual neurons and assigns random numerical values, or "weights", to connections between them.
The weights and inputs are multiplied and return an output between 0 and 1.
If the network did not accurately recognize a particular pattern, an algorithm would adjust the weights.
That way the algorithm can make certain parameters more influential, until it determines the correct mathematical manipulation to fully process the data.
Recurrent neural networks, in which data can flow in any direction, are used for applications such as language modeling.
Long short-term memory is particularly effective for this use.
Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) are used in computer vision.
CNNs also have been applied to acoustic modeling for automatic speech recognition (ASR).
==== Challenges ==== As with ANNs, many issues can arise with naively trained DNNs.
Two common issues are overfitting and computation time.
DNNs are prone to overfitting because of the added layers of abstraction, which allow them to model rare dependencies in the training data.
Regularization methods such as Ivakhnenko's unit pruning or weight decay (                                   ℓ                        2                                     {\displaystyle \ell _{2}}    -regularization) or sparsity (                                   ℓ                        1                                     {\displaystyle \ell _{1}}    -regularization) can be applied during training to combat overfitting.
Alternatively dropout regularization randomly omits units from the hidden layers during training.
Another interesting recent development is research into models of just enough complexity through an estimation of the intrinsic complexity of the task being modelled.
This approach has been successfully applied for multivariate time series prediction tasks such as traffic prediction.
Finally, data can be augmented via methods such as cropping and rotating such that smaller training sets can be increased in size to reduce the chances of overfitting.
DNNs must consider many training parameters, such as the size (number of layers and number of units per layer), the learning rate, and initial weights.
Sweeping through the parameter space for optimal parameters may not be feasible due to the cost in time and computational resources.
Various tricks, such as batching (computing the gradient on several training examples at once rather than individual examples) speed up computation.
Large processing capabilities of many-core architectures (such as GPUs or the Intel Xeon Phi) have produced significant speedups in training, because of the suitability of such processing architectures for the matrix and vector computations.
Alternatively, engineers may look for other types of neural networks with more straightforward and convergent training algorithms.
CMAC (cerebellar model articulation controller) is one such kind of neural network.
It doesn't require learning rates or randomized initial weights.
The training process can be guaranteed to converge in one step with a new batch of data, and the computational complexity of the training algorithm is linear with respect to the number of neurons involved.
== Hardware == Since the 2010s, advances in both machine learning algorithms and computer hardware have led to more efficient methods for training deep neural networks that contain many layers of non-linear hidden units and a very large output layer.
By 2019, graphics processing units (GPUs), often with AI-specific enhancements, had displaced CPUs as the dominant method for training large-scale commercial cloud AI .
OpenAI estimated the hardware computation used in the largest deep learning projects from AlexNet (2012) to AlphaZero (2017) and found a 300,000-fold increase in the amount of computation required, with a doubling-time trendline of 3.4 months.
Special electronic circuits called deep learning processors were designed to speed up deep learning algorithms.
Deep learning processors include neural processing units (NPUs) in Huawei cellphones and cloud computing servers such as tensor processing units (TPU) in the Google Cloud Platform.
Cerebras Systems has also built a dedicated system to handle large deep learning models, the CS-2, based on the largest processor in the industry, the second-generation Wafer Scale Engine (WSE-2).
Atomically thin semiconductors are considered promising for energy-efficient deep learning hardware where the same basic device structure is used for both logic operations and data storage.
published experiments with a large-area active channel material for developing logic-in-memory devices and circuits based on floating-gate field-effect transistors (FGFETs).
proposed an integrated photonic hardware accelerator for parallel convolutional processing.
The authors identify two key advantages of integrated photonics over its electronic counterparts: (1) massively parallel data transfer through wavelength division multiplexing in conjunction with frequency combs, and (2) extremely high data modulation speeds.
Their system can execute trillions of multiply-accumulate operations per second, indicating the potential of integrated photonics in data-heavy AI applications.
== Applications ==   === Automatic speech recognition ===  Large-scale automatic speech recognition is the first and most convincing successful case of deep learning.
LSTM RNNs can learn "Very Deep Learning" tasks that involve multi-second intervals containing speech events separated by thousands of discrete time steps, where one time step corresponds to about 10 ms.
LSTM with forget gates is competitive with traditional speech recognizers on certain tasks.
The initial success in speech recognition was based on small-scale recognition tasks based on TIMIT.
The data set contains 630 speakers from eight major dialects of American English, where each speaker reads 10 sentences.
Its small size lets many configurations be tried.
More importantly, the TIMIT task concerns phone-sequence recognition, which, unlike word-sequence recognition, allows weak phone bigram language models.
This lets the strength of the acoustic modeling aspects of speech recognition be more easily analyzed.
The error rates listed below, including these early results and measured as percent phone error rates (PER), have been summarized since 1991.
The debut of DNNs for speaker recognition in the late 1990s and speech recognition around 2009-2011 and of LSTM around 2003–2007, accelerated progress in eight major areas:  Scale-up/out and accelerated DNN training and decoding Sequence discriminative training Feature processing by deep models with solid understanding of the underlying mechanisms Adaptation of DNNs and related deep models Multi-task and transfer learning by DNNs and related deep models CNNs and how to design them to best exploit domain knowledge of speech RNN and its rich LSTM variants Other types of deep models including tensor-based models and integrated deep generative/discriminative models.
More recent speech recognition models use Transformers or Temporal Convolution Networks with significant success and widespread applications.
All major commercial speech recognition systems (e.g., Microsoft Cortana, Xbox, Skype Translator, Amazon Alexa, Google Now, Apple Siri, Baidu and iFlyTek voice search, and a range of Nuance speech products, etc.) are based on deep learning.
=== Image recognition ===  A common evaluation set for image classification is the MNIST database data set.
MNIST is composed of handwritten digits and includes 60,000 training examples and 10,000 test examples.
As with TIMIT, its small size lets users test multiple configurations.
A comprehensive list of results on this set is available.
Deep learning-based image recognition has become "superhuman", producing more accurate results than human contestants.
This first occurred in 2011 in recognition of traffic signs, and in 2014, with recognition of human faces.
Deep learning-trained vehicles now interpret 360° camera views.
Another example is Facial Dysmorphology Novel Analysis (FDNA) used to analyze cases of human malformation connected to a large database of genetic syndromes.
=== Visual art processing ===  Closely related to the progress that has been made in image recognition is the increasing application of deep learning techniques to various visual art tasks.
DNNs have proven themselves capable, for example, of  identifying the style period of a given painting Neural Style Transfer –  capturing the style of a given artwork and applying it in a visually pleasing manner to an arbitrary photograph or video generating striking imagery based on random visual input fields.
=== Natural language processing ===  Neural networks have been used for implementing language models since the early 2000s.
LSTM helped to improve machine translation and language modeling.
Other key techniques in this field are negative sampling and word embedding.
Word embedding, such as word2vec, can be thought of as a representational layer in a deep learning architecture that transforms an atomic word into a positional representation of the word relative to other words in the dataset; the position is represented as a point in a vector space.
Using word embedding as an RNN input layer allows the network to parse sentences and phrases using an effective compositional vector grammar.
A compositional vector grammar can be thought of as probabilistic context free grammar (PCFG) implemented by an RNN.
Recursive auto-encoders built atop word embeddings can assess sentence similarity and detect paraphrasing.
Deep neural architectures provide the best results for constituency parsing, sentiment analysis, information retrieval, spoken language understanding, machine translation, contextual entity linking, writing style recognition, named-entity recognition (token classification), text classification, and others.
Recent developments generalize word embedding to sentence embedding.
Google Translate (GT) uses a large end-to-end long short-term memory (LSTM) network.
Google Neural Machine Translation (GNMT) uses an example-based machine translation method in which the system "learns from millions of examples".
It translates "whole sentences at a time, rather than pieces".
Google Translate supports over one hundred languages.
The network encodes the "semantics of the sentence rather than simply memorizing phrase-to-phrase translations".
GT uses English as an intermediate between most language pairs.
=== Drug discovery and toxicology ===  A large percentage of candidate drugs fail to win regulatory approval.
These failures are caused by insufficient efficacy (on-target effect), undesired interactions (off-target effects), or unanticipated toxic effects.
Research has explored use of deep learning to predict the biomolecular targets, off-targets, and toxic effects of environmental chemicals in nutrients, household products and drugs.
AtomNet is a deep learning system for structure-based rational drug design.
AtomNet was used to predict novel candidate biomolecules for disease targets such as the Ebola virus and multiple sclerosis.
In 2017 graph neural networks were used for the first time to predict various properties of molecules in a large toxicology data set.
In 2019, generative neural networks were used to produce molecules that were validated experimentally all the way into mice.
=== Recommendation systems ===  Recommendation systems have used deep learning to extract meaningful features for a latent factor model for content-based music and journal recommendations.
Multi-view deep learning has been applied for learning user preferences from multiple domains.
The model uses a hybrid collaborative and content-based approach and enhances recommendations in multiple tasks.
=== Bioinformatics ===  An autoencoder ANN was used in bioinformatics, to predict gene ontology annotations and gene-function relationships.
In medical informatics, deep learning was used to predict sleep quality based on data from wearables and predictions of health complications from electronic health record data.
Deep neural networks have shown unparalleled performance in predicting protein structure, according to the sequence of the amino acids that make it up.
In 2020, AlphaFold, a deep-learning based system, achieved a level of accuracy significantly higher than all previous computational methods.
=== Deep Neural Network Estimations === Deep neural networks can be used to estimate the entropy of a stochastic process through an arrangement called a Neural Joint Entropy Estimator (NJEE).
Such an estimation provides insights on the effects of input random variables on an independent random variable.
Practically, the DNN is trained as a classifier that maps an input vector or matrix X to an output probability distribution over the possible classes of random variable Y, given input X.
For example, in image classification tasks, the NJEE maps a vector of pixels' color values to probabilities over possible image classes.
In practice, the probability distribution of Y is obtained by a Softmax layer with number of nodes that is equal to the alphabet size of Y.
NJEE uses continuously differentiable activation functions, such that the conditions for the universal approximation theorem holds.
It is shown that this method provides a strongly consistent estimator and outperforms other methods in cases of large alphabet sizes.
=== Medical image analysis === Deep learning has been shown to produce competitive results in medical applications such as cancer cell classification, lesion detection, organ segmentation and image enhancement.
Modern deep learning tools demonstrate the high accuracy of detecting various diseases and the helpfulness of their use by specialists to improve the diagnosis efficiency.
=== Mobile advertising === Finding the appropriate mobile audience for mobile advertising is always challenging, since many data points must be considered and analyzed before a target segment can be created and used in ad serving by any ad server.
Deep learning has been used to interpret large, many-dimensioned advertising datasets.
Many data points are collected during the request/serve/click internet advertising cycle.
This information can form the basis of machine learning to improve ad selection.
=== Image restoration === Deep learning has been successfully applied to inverse problems such as denoising, super-resolution, inpainting, and film colorization.
These applications include learning methods such as "Shrinkage Fields for Effective Image Restoration" which trains on an image dataset, and Deep Image Prior, which trains on the image that needs restoration.
=== Financial fraud detection === Deep learning is being successfully applied to financial fraud detection, tax evasion detection, and anti-money laundering.
=== Materials science === In November 2023, researchers at Google DeepMind and Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory announced that they had developed an AI system known as GNoME.
This system has contributed to materials science by discovering over 2 million new materials within a relatively short timeframe.
GNoME employs deep learning techniques to efficiently explore potential material structures, achieving a significant increase in the identification of stable inorganic crystal structures.
The system's predictions were validated through autonomous robotic experiments, demonstrating a noteworthy success rate of 71%.
The data of newly discovered materials is publicly available through the Materials Project database, offering researchers the opportunity to identify materials with desired properties for various applications.
This development has implications for the future of scientific discovery and the integration of AI in material science research, potentially expediting material innovation and reducing costs in product development.
The use of AI and deep learning suggests the possibility of minimizing or eliminating manual lab experiments and allowing scientists to focus more on the design and analysis of unique compounds.
=== Military === The United States Department of Defense applied deep learning to train robots in new tasks through observation.
=== Partial differential equations === Physics informed neural networks have been used to solve partial differential equations in both forward and inverse problems in a data driven manner.
One example is the reconstructing fluid flow governed by the Navier-Stokes equations.
Using physics informed neural networks does not require the often expensive mesh generation that conventional CFD methods rely on.
=== Deep backward stochastic differential equation method === Deep backward stochastic differential equation method is a numerical method that combines deep learning with Backward stochastic differential equation (BSDE).
This method is particularly useful for solving high-dimensional problems in financial mathematics.
By leveraging the powerful function approximation capabilities of deep neural networks, deep BSDE addresses the computational challenges faced by traditional numerical methods in high-dimensional settings.
Specifically, traditional methods like finite difference methods or Monte Carlo simulations often struggle with the curse of dimensionality, where computational cost increases exponentially with the number of dimensions.
Deep BSDE methods, however, employ deep neural networks to approximate solutions of high-dimensional partial differential equations (PDEs), effectively reducing the computational burden.
In addition, the integration of Physics-informed neural networks (PINNs) into the deep BSDE framework enhances its capability by embedding the underlying physical laws directly into the neural network architecture.
This ensures that the solutions not only fit the data but also adhere to the governing stochastic differential equations.
PINNs leverage the power of deep learning while respecting the constraints imposed by the physical models, resulting in more accurate and reliable solutions for financial mathematics problems.
=== Image reconstruction === Image reconstruction is the reconstruction of the underlying images from the image-related measurements.
Several works showed the better and superior performance of the deep learning methods compared to analytical methods for various applications, e.g., spectral imaging  and ultrasound imaging.
=== Weather prediction === Traditional weather prediction systems solve a very complex system of partial differential equations.
GraphCast is a deep learning based model, trained on a long history of weather data to predict how weather patterns change over time.
It is able to  predict weather conditions for up to 10 days globally, at a very detailed level, and in under a minute, with precision similar to state of the art systems.
=== Epigenetic clock ===  An epigenetic clock is a biochemical test that can be used to measure age.
used deep neural networks to train an epigenetic aging clock of unprecedented accuracy using >6,000 blood samples.
The clock uses information from 1000 CpG sites and predicts people with certain conditions older than healthy controls: IBD, frontotemporal dementia, ovarian cancer, obesity.
The aging clock was planned to be released for public use in 2021 by an Insilico Medicine spinoff company Deep Longevity.
== Relation to human cognitive and brain development == Deep learning is closely related to a class of theories of brain development (specifically, neocortical development) proposed by cognitive neuroscientists in the early 1990s.
These developmental theories were instantiated in computational models, making them predecessors of deep learning systems.
These developmental models share the property that various proposed learning dynamics in the brain (e.g., a wave of nerve growth factor) support the self-organization somewhat analogous to the neural networks utilized in deep learning models.
Like the neocortex, neural networks employ a hierarchy of layered filters in which each layer considers information from a prior layer (or the operating environment), and then passes its output (and possibly the original input), to other layers.
This process yields a self-organizing stack of transducers, well-tuned to their operating environment.
A 1995 description stated, "...the infant's brain seems to organize itself under the influence of waves of so-called trophic-factors ...
different regions of the brain become connected sequentially, with one layer of tissue maturing before another and so on until the whole brain is mature".
A variety of approaches have been used to investigate the plausibility of deep learning models from a neurobiological perspective.
On the one hand, several variants of the backpropagation algorithm have been proposed in order to increase its processing realism.
Other researchers have argued that unsupervised forms of deep learning, such as those based on hierarchical generative models and deep belief networks, may be closer to biological reality.
In this respect, generative neural network models have been related to neurobiological evidence about sampling-based processing in the cerebral cortex.
Although a systematic comparison between the human brain organization and the neuronal encoding in deep networks has not yet been established, several analogies have been reported.
For example, the computations performed by deep learning units could be similar to those of actual neurons and neural populations.
Similarly, the representations developed by deep learning models are similar to those measured in the primate visual system both at the single-unit and at the population levels.
== Commercial activity == Facebook's AI lab performs tasks such as automatically tagging uploaded pictures with the names of the people in them.
Google's DeepMind Technologies developed a system capable of learning how to play Atari video games using only pixels as data input.
In 2015 they demonstrated their AlphaGo system, which learned the game of Go well enough to beat a professional Go player.
Google Translate uses a neural network to translate between more than 100 languages.
In 2017, Covariant.ai was launched, which focuses on integrating deep learning into factories.
As of 2008, researchers at The University of Texas at Austin (UT) developed a machine learning framework called Training an Agent Manually via Evaluative Reinforcement, or TAMER, which proposed new methods for robots or computer programs to learn how to perform tasks by interacting with a human instructor.
First developed as TAMER, a new algorithm called Deep TAMER was later introduced in 2018 during a collaboration between U.S.
Army Research Laboratory (ARL) and UT researchers.
Deep TAMER used deep learning to provide a robot with the ability to learn new tasks through observation.
Using Deep TAMER, a robot learned a task with a human trainer, watching video streams or observing a human perform a task in-person.
The robot later practiced the task with the help of some coaching from the trainer, who provided feedback such as "good job" and "bad job".
== Criticism and comment == Deep learning has attracted both criticism and comment, in some cases from outside the field of computer science.
=== Theory ===  A main criticism concerns the lack of theory surrounding some methods.
Learning in the most common deep architectures is implemented using well-understood gradient descent.
However, the theory surrounding other algorithms, such as contrastive divergence is less clear.
What is it approximating?) Deep learning methods are often looked at as a black box, with most confirmations done empirically, rather than theoretically.
In further reference to the idea that artistic sensitivity might be inherent in relatively low levels of the cognitive hierarchy, a published series of graphic representations of the internal states of deep (20-30 layers) neural networks attempting to discern within essentially random data the images on which they were trained demonstrate a visual appeal: the original research notice received well over 1,000 comments, and was the subject of what was for a time the most frequently accessed article on The Guardian's website.
With the support of Innovation Diffusion Theory (IDT), a study analyzed the diffusion of Deep Learning in BRICS and OECD countries using data from Google Trends.
=== Errors === Some deep learning architectures display problematic behaviors, such as confidently classifying unrecognizable images as belonging to a familiar category of ordinary images (2014) and misclassifying minuscule perturbations of correctly classified images (2013).
Goertzel hypothesized that these behaviors are due to limitations in their internal representations and that these limitations would inhibit integration into heterogeneous multi-component artificial general intelligence (AGI) architectures.
These issues may possibly be addressed by deep learning architectures that internally form states homologous to image-grammar decompositions of observed entities and events.
Learning a grammar (visual or linguistic) from training data would be equivalent to restricting the system to commonsense reasoning that operates on concepts in terms of grammatical production rules and is a basic goal of both human language acquisition and artificial intelligence (AI).
=== Cyber threat === As deep learning moves from the lab into the world, research and experience show that artificial neural networks are vulnerable to hacks and deception.
By identifying patterns that these systems use to function, attackers can modify inputs to ANNs in such a way that the ANN finds a match that human observers would not recognize.
For example, an attacker can make subtle changes to an image such that the ANN finds a match even though the image looks to a human nothing like the search target.
Such manipulation is termed an "adversarial attack".
In 2016 researchers used one ANN to doctor images in trial and error fashion, identify another's focal points, and thereby generate images that deceived it.
The modified images looked no different to human eyes.
Another group showed that printouts of doctored images then photographed successfully tricked an image classification system.
One defense is reverse image search, in which a possible fake image is submitted to a site such as TinEye that can then find other instances of it.
A refinement is to search using only parts of the image, to identify images from which that piece may have been taken.
Another group showed that certain psychedelic spectacles could fool a facial recognition system into thinking ordinary people were celebrities, potentially allowing one person to impersonate another.
In 2017 researchers added stickers to stop signs and caused an ANN to misclassify them.
ANNs can however be further trained to detect attempts at deception, potentially leading attackers and defenders into an arms race similar to the kind that already defines the malware defense industry.
ANNs have been trained to defeat ANN-based anti-malware software by repeatedly attacking a defense with malware that was continually altered by a genetic algorithm until it tricked the anti-malware while retaining its ability to damage the target.
In 2016, another group demonstrated that certain sounds could make the Google Now voice command system open a particular web address, and hypothesized that this could "serve as a stepping stone for further attacks (e.g., opening a web page hosting drive-by malware)".
In "data poisoning", false data is continually smuggled into a machine learning system's training set to prevent it from achieving mastery.
=== Data collection ethics === The deep learning systems that are trained using supervised learning often rely on data that is created or annotated by humans, or both.
It has been argued that not only low-paid clickwork (such as on Amazon Mechanical Turk) is regularly deployed for this purpose, but also implicit forms of human microwork that are often not recognized as such.
The philosopher Rainer Mühlhoff distinguishes five types of "machinic capture" of human microwork to generate training data: (1) gamification (the embedding of annotation or computation tasks in the flow of a game), (2) "trapping and tracking" (e.g.
CAPTCHAs for image recognition or click-tracking on Google search results pages), (3) exploitation of social motivations (e.g.
tagging faces on Facebook to obtain labeled facial images), (4) information mining (e.g.
by leveraging quantified-self devices such as activity trackers) and (5) clickwork.
== See also == Applications of artificial intelligence Comparison of deep learning software Compressed sensing Differentiable programming Echo state network List of artificial intelligence projects Liquid state machine List of datasets for machine-learning research Reservoir computing Scale space and deep learning Sparse coding Stochastic parrot Topological deep learning   == References ==   == Further reading ==
Rocket Lab Corporation is a publicly traded aerospace manufacturer and launch service provider.
Its Electron orbital rocket launches small satellites, and has launched 70 Electron missions as of August 2025; second only to SpaceX for the total number of private launches.
A sub-orbital Electron variant called HASTE (Hypersonic Accelerator Suborbital Test Electron) serves other needs.
The company also supplies satellite components including star trackers, reaction wheels, solar cells and arrays, satellite radios, separation systems, as well as flight and ground software recently secured upwards of 650 million dollars' worth of contracts.
The company's expendable Electron rocket was launched for the first time in May 2017.
In August 2020, the company launched its first Photon satellite.
The company built and operates satellites for the Space Development Agency, part of the United States Space Force.
In May 2022, the company attempted to recover a returning Electron booster with a helicopter.
In 2024, the company announced that a booster recovered on an earlier launch would be reused.
Rocket Lab was founded in New Zealand in 2006.
By 2009, the successful launch of Ātea-1 made the organization the first private company in the Southern Hemisphere to reach space.
The company established its headquarters in California in 2013.
Rocket Lab acquired four companies, including Sinclair Interplanetary in April 2020, Advanced Solutions in December 2021, SolAero Holdings in January 2022, and Planetary Systems in December 2021.
As of June 2024, the company had approximately 2,000 full-time permanent employees globally.
Approximately 700 of these employees were based in New Zealand, with the remainder in the United States.
In August 2021, the company went public on the Nasdaq stock exchange through a SPAC merger.
== History ==   === Origin (2006–2012) === The company was founded in June 2006 by Peter Beck in New Zealand, after a trip to the United States.
During the trip, Beck realized the possibility and potential for a low-cost, small rocket.
While contacting potential investors, he met Mark Rocket, who later became a seed investor and was co-director from 2007 to 2011.
Other investors to the company included Stephen Tindall, Vinod Khosla, and the New Zealand Government.
The company became the first private company in the Southern Hemisphere to reach space after launching its Ātea-1 sounding rocket in November 2009.
The payload was not recovered, and the launch was deemed unsuccessful.
The payload was a ballistic instrumentation dart and its trajectory depended only on the boost phase.
The launch took place off the coast of New Zealand, from the private island (Great Mercury Island) of Michael Fay, a New Zealand banker and Rocket Lab investor.
In December 2010, the company was awarded a U.S.
government contract from the Operationally Responsive Space Office (ORS) to study a low-cost space launcher to place CubeSats into orbit.
The agreement with NASA enabled the company to contract for limited NASA resources, including personnel, facilities, and equipment, for commercial launch efforts.
=== United States move (2013–2020) ===  Around 2013, the company moved to the United States and established its headquarters in Huntington Beach, California.
The move coincided with funding from American sources, and was in part due to increased U.S.
The New Zealand company became a subsidiary of the American company.
The move was motivated by the need to accommodate the company's growing workforce and to be closer to suppliers and customers.
The new facility includes a state-of-the-art production facility for manufacturing the company's Electron launch vehicle, as well as administrative offices and other support facilities.
In 2013, funding was obtained from Khosla Ventures, and Callaghan Innovation (a Crown entity of New Zealand).
Bessemer Venture Partners invested in 2014 and Lockheed Martin invested in 2015.
Rocket Lab announced in March 2017 that it had raised an additional US$75 million in a Series D equity round led by Data Collective with participation by Promus Ventures and earlier investors.
In May 2017, Callaghan Innovation funding was reported to total NZ$15 million.
In November 2018, the company reported raising a $150 million Series E round led by Future Fund.
The first NASA mission, launched in 2018, was valued by the space agency at $6.9 million (with launch services, etc., included).
In 2018, Rocket Lab began to develop reusable first stage technology, after previously stating publicly that they had no intention of attempting to recover and reuse their launch vehicles.
They disclosed the effort to study the potential recovery of an Electron first stage in August 2019, aiming to use a parachute and mid-air retrieval.
In December 2019, they flight tested the reentry technology, a Rocket Lab proprietary aerothermal decelerator, on Electron flight number 10, and were able to decelerate the rocket and successfully bring it through the space to lower atmosphere transition.
In November 2022, Rocket Lab cut the ribbon on an engine test facility for the Archimedes engine at NASA's Stennis Space Center.
In March 2020, the company announced that it had acquired Sinclair Interplanetary, a Canadian manufacturer of components for small satellites.
Rocket Lab said that it would use Sinclair technology on its Photon line of small satellite buses, and that it would help Sinclair increase production of small satellite components for sale to other firms.
Thereafter, Rocket Lab launched missions with some or all of the payload being made by Sinclair Interplanetary.
=== Public company (2021–present) ===  In March 2021, the company announced that it was planning to go public through an initial public offering (IPO) of stock in the second quarter of 2021.
The company planned to accomplish the IPO through a merger with a special-purpose acquisition company (SPAC) called Vector Acquisition Corporation (VACQ).
The merger planned to value the company at US$4.1 billion and provide the company with $790 million in working capital to support the development of a medium-lift two-stage-to-orbit launch vehicle called Neutron, aiming for the mega-constellation satellite deployment market.
Neutron was planned to be partially reusable with the booster stage performing a Return To Launch Site (RTLS) landing, to be refurbished and relaunched.
The company began trading on the Nasdaq stock exchange on 25 August 2021 after merging with SPAC Vector Acquisition at a $4.8 billion valuation.
The transaction added $777 million in gross cash.
At the time, Rocket Lab had over 500 employees, and it had successfully launched 105 satellites into orbit.
Rocket Lab's launch business booked revenues of $13.5 million in 2018, $48 million in 2019, and an estimated $33 million in 2020.
Rocket Lab spent somewhere between $250 and $300 million of the cash gained from going public to develop Neutron.
Rocket Lab aimed to launch Neutron by 2025.
As of August 2021, the company intended to build a new factory in the United States to manufacture the rockets as well as launch infrastructure for Neutron at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport in Wallops Island, Virginia.
In October 2021, the company acquired Advanced Solutions, Inc (ASI), a Colorado-based spacecraft flight software company.
In November 2021, the company acquired Planetary Systems Corporation (PSC), a manufacturer of satellite separation systems, for $81.4 million.
In January 2022, the company acquired SolAero, a supplier of space solar power products.
On 3 May 2022, in the "There And Back Again" mission, the company launched its Electron rocket from New Zealand and attempted to recover it for the first time.
It was able to capture the falling rocket booster in mid-air, a historic first.
Beck later said that the booster was hanging improperly, so it was allowed to parachute into the water where it was extracted by a ship.
In August 2022, the company revealed plans to become the first private company to reach Venus.
The company is building a small probe, called the Venus Life Finder (VLF), which is designed to plunge through Venus's upper atmosphere for roughly five minutes between 29 mi (47 km) and 37 mi (60 km) above the planet's surface, searching for organic compounds.
As of March 2025, the target launch date aboard the Electron rocket was the Summer of 2026.
In October 2023, Rocket Lab officially opened its engine development facility in Long Beach to support the development of the Archimedes engine.
The facility, including production assets such as machinery and equipment, had been acquired in May 2023 out of Virgin Orbit's bankruptcy proceedings.
In January 2024, Rocket Lab became the prime contractor for a $515M USSF military satellite project, the company's largest contract to date.
In April 2024, the company announced it would begin selling carbon composite products to customers.
As of 2024, the company was developing the bigger Neutron reusable unibody rocket; multiple spacecraft buses, and rocket engines: Rutherford, Curie, HyperCurie, and Archimedes.
In mid 2024, the company entered the engine test phase in Neutron's development process.
In November 2024, news reports said the company threatened an academic in New Zealand with a defamation lawsuit for comments that Rocket Lab was involved with US military control over nuclear weapons.
In May 2025, Rocket Lab entered into an agreement to acquire Geost.
This has increased their total headcount by 115 highly trained professionals bringing Rocket Lab’s total headcount to more than 2,600 employees.
== Hardware ==   === Electron orbital rocket ===  Electron is a two-stage launch vehicle that uses Rocket Lab's Rutherford liquid engines on both stages.
The vehicle is capable of delivering payloads of 150 kg to a 500 km Sun-synchronous orbit.
The projected cost is less than US$5 million per launch.
The Rutherford engine uses pumps driven by battery-powered electric motors rather than a gas generator, expander, or preburner.
The engine is fabricated largely by 3D printing, using electron beam melting, whereby layers of metal powder are melted in a high vacuum by an electron beam.
By March 2016, the 5,000 pounds-force (22 kN) second-stage Rutherford engine had completed firing tests.
The first test flight took place on 25 May 2017 from Māhia Peninsula on New Zealand's North Island.
After reaching an altitude of approximately 224 kilometres (139 mi), the rocket was performing nominally, but telemetry was lost, and flight control destroyed it.
On 21 January 2018, their second rocket, on a flight named "Still Testing", launched, reached orbit and deployed three CubeSats for customers Planet Labs and Spire Global.
The rocket also carried a satellite payload called Humanity Star, a 1 m-wide (3.3 ft) carbon fiber geodesic sphere made of 65 panels that reflect the Sun's light.
Humanity Star re-entered Earth's atmosphere and burned up in March 2018.
On 11 November 2018, the first commercial launch (third launch overall) took off from Māhia Peninsula carrying satellites for Spire Global, GeoOptics, a CubeSat built by high school students, and a prototype of a dragsail.
On 4 July 2020, an issue during the second-stage burn of flight 13, named "Pics or It Didn't Happen", caused Electron to fail to get into orbit and its payloads were lost.
On 19 November 2020, a launch mission named "Return to Sender" successfully deployed its payload of 30 small satellites.
First stage recovery was also successfully implemented.
On 15 May 2021, the company launched "Running Out Of Toes," which successfully utilized the first-stage recovery method like the one used on "Return to Sender." However, the rocket failed to place its payload of two BlackSky satellites into orbit after an issue occurred with the second stage.
On 15 September 2022, Rocket Lab launched "The Owl Spreads Its Wings" mission, sending a synthetic-aperture radar (SAR) satellite into Earth orbit.
On September 19, 2023, the Electron failed its mission to deliver a Capella Space synthetic-aperture radar imaging satellite when the rocket's second stage failed shortly after separation.
Electron successfully returned to flight on December 14 with the launch of a Japanese radar imaging satellite, which marked a record 10th flight for the rocket in 2023.
Two attempts have been made to recover an Electron booster by helicopter.
In addition, six attempts have been made at soft water recovery.
=== HASTE suborbital rocket === Hypersonic Accelerator Suborbital Test Electron (HASTE) is a suborbital testbed launch vehicle derived from the Electron orbital rocket.
HASTE provides flight test opportunities for hypersonic and suborbital system technology development.
It successfully launched its first mission "Scout's Arrow" on 18 June 2023, for Leidos.
HASTE has a payload capacity of 700 kg (1,500 lb), double that of Electron.
It can deploy payloads from 80 km (50 mi) altitude and higher.
In 2024, two HASTE launches were planned.
As of November 2023 Rocket Lab had contracted for at least six HASTE missions.
=== Neutron reusable rocket ===  The company announced in March 2021 that it was developing a new medium-lift two-stage human-rated launch vehicle called Neutron.
Neutron is expected to be 40 m (130 ft) tall with a 4.5 m-diameter (15 ft) fairing.
It will have 13-and-15-short-ton (12 and 14 t) capacities.
Rocket Lab said they aim to make the first stage of the vehicle reusable, with landings planned on a floating landing platform downrange in the ocean.
This method is similar to how SpaceX recovers the Falcon 9 and Falcon Heavy rockets.
During a question and answer session with space and rocket communicator Scott Manley, Beck indicated a preference to avoid fixed assets such as landing barges.
This indicated that design work had proceeded on the basis that the Neutron would return for landing rather than landing downrange.
Neutron launches are intended to take place from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport (MARS) on the eastern coast of Virginia.
Rocket Lab is expected to modify the existing launch pad infrastructure at Launch Pad 0A (LP-0A).
In March 2022, Rocket Lab announced that Neutron will be manufactured at a facility adjacent to MARS Launch Complex 2.
Launch Complex 2 is currently being used for Electron launches.
Rocket Lab began to break ground for this facility on 11 April 2022.
As of March 2021, the company is planning for the first launch no earlier than mid-2025.
In mid-2024, the company completed assembly on the first Archimedes engine, to undergo testing at Stennis Space Center, as well as some assembly on Neutron's fairings.
=== Ātea sounding rocket === The first and only launch of the Ātea (Māori for "space") sub-orbital sounding rocket occurred in late 2009.
The 6 m-long (20 ft) rocket, weighing approximately 60 kg (130 lb), was designed to carry a 2 kg (4.4 lb) payload to an altitude of around 120 km (75 mi).
It was intended to carry scientific payloads or possibly personal items.
Ātea-1, named Manu Karere or Bird Messenger by the local Māori iwi, was successfully launched from Great Mercury Island near the Coromandel Peninsula on 30 November 2009 at 01:23 UTC (14:23 local time).
The rocket was tracked by a GPS uplink to the Inmarsat-B satellite constellation.
After the flight, Ātea-1 splashed down approximately 50 kilometres (31 mi) downrange.
The payload had no telemetry downlink, but carried instrumentation.
The payload was not recovered as it was a dart of no value.
The company advised that should it be encountered by vessels at sea, the payload should not be handled as it was "potentially hazardous" and contained delicate instruments.
Performance characteristics were determined by the boost stage using downlink telemetry, and was recovered.
This allowed Rocket Lab to move the entire team to the Electron rocket.
=== Photon satellite bus ===   == Notable missions == In February 2020, Rocket Lab was selected by NASA to launch the CAPSTONE (Cislunar Autonomous Positioning System Technology Operations and Navigation Experiment) on Electron and deploy it to lunar orbit from a Photon spacecraft bus.
CAPSTONE is a microwave oven–sized CubeSat weighing 55 pounds and is the first spacecraft to test a unique, elliptical lunar orbit.
As a pathfinder for the Lunar Gateway, a Moon-orbiting outpost that is part of NASA's Artemis program, CAPSTONE will help reduce risk for future spacecraft by validating innovative navigation technologies and verifying the dynamics of this halo-shaped orbit.
Originally scheduled to launch from Virginia, the launch location was adjusted to Launch Complex 1 in New Zealand in August 2021 due to delays in certifying the NASA autonomous flight termination system planned to fly on Electron missions from Launch Complex 2.
The CAPSTONE mission was successfully launched on Electron in June 2022 and on July 4th Photon's HyperCurie engine completed the final Translunar Injection Burn, successfully releasing the CAPSTONE spacecraft on a trajectory to lunar orbit.
CAPSTONE completed its primary six-month mission and as of July 2023 was continuing an enhanced mission to deliver ongoing data in support of Artemis.
=== Viscous liquid monopropellant === In 2012, the company demonstrated a rocket propelled by a viscous liquid monopropellant (VLM) developed via DARPA and Office of Naval Research (NRL) work.
The VLM was reported to be thixotropic, so that it behaves as a pseudo-solid until a shear force is applied, after which it flows like a liquid.
The VLM density was reported to be comparable to solid-rocket propellant.
The VLM reportedly required no special handling, was non-toxic, water-soluble, had low sensitivity to shock, a high ignition point, and was barely flammable in the atmosphere.
The company earned a US patent on the system.
=== Instant Eyes === In 2011, Rocket Lab had a program called "Instant Eyes".
The Instant Eyes unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) was designed for military applications requiring a bird's-eye view, much like drones.
Upon launch, the rocket with its 5 megapixel camera would reach an altitude of 2,500 feet (760 m) within 20 seconds.
=== Mars sample return === In October 2024, Rocket Lab was awarded a NASA contract to explore new concepts for a sample return from the surface of Mars.
== Facilities ==   === Manufacturing ===  In October 2018, the company revealed its new manufacturing facility in Auckland, New Zealand.
It is intended for the production of propellant tanks and stage builds, and is in charge of the overall integration of launch vehicles at Launch Complex 1.
The company's headquarters in Long Beach, California, produces their Rutherford engines and avionics.
The company's primary manufacturing facility is located in Huntington Beach, where rocket components are manufactured and assembled before traveling to the New Zealand launch site.
The manufacturing process begins with the production of the Electron rocket's first stage, which is built using carbon composite.
The material is designed to be strong and lightweight.
Once the first stage is complete, it is transported to the New Zealand launch site, where the second stage and other components are added.
The second stage is powered by a single Rutherford engine.
The engine uses an electric pump-fed propulsion system.
Manufacturing the carbon composite components of the main flight structure has traditionally required 400 hours, involving extensive hand labor.
In late 2019, Rocket Lab brought a new robotic manufacturing capability online to produce Electron's composite parts in 12 hours.
The robot was named "Rosie the Robot", after The Jetsons character.
The process can make all the carbon fiber structures as well as handle cutting, drilling, and sanding, such that the parts are ready for final assembly.
The company objective as of November 2019 was to reduce the overall Electron manufacturing cycle to seven days.
Rutherford engine production uses additive manufacturing.
In October 2023, Rocket Lab announced it had acquired carbon composite manufacturing facilities, equipment and more than 50 team members from SailGP Technologies in Warkworth, New Zealand.
SailGP was already a supplier to Rocket Lab, so when SailGP announced plans to move operations to the UK, Rocket Lab took over the facilities and employees to support a growing production rate for the Electron rocket and the rapid development of Neutron.
In October 2023, Rocket Lab officially opened its Engine Development Center in Long Beach in the former Virgin Orbit factory, where the company now builds Rutherford and Archimedes engines.
In November 2023, Rocket Lab announced plans to establish a Space Structures Complex in Middle River, Maryland, deliver a comprehensive suite of advanced composite products for the space industry and to further vertically integrate supply for the company's internal needs across launch and space systems.
The site will also play a role in the development and long-term supply of carbon composite structures for Neutron.
Through the acquisition of SolAero, Rocket Lab also has facilities in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Through the acquisition of ASI, the company has facilities in Littleton, Colorado.
Through the acquisition of Planetary Systems Corporation, the company has facilities in Maryland, and in Toronto, Canada through the acquisition of Sinclair Interplanetary.
In September 2021, Rocket Lab announced it was expanding production of reaction wheels with a new production line in Auckland to support production of up to 2,000 reaction wheels per year for an undisclosed mega-constellation customer.
=== Launch Complex 1 ===  The company's Launch Complex 1 (LC-1) is a private orbital launch site located on the Māhia Peninsula in New Zealand.
The site consists of two launch pads, a vehicle integration facility, and a range control center.
It was designed to support the company's Electron launch vehicle, which is optimized for small satellite launches.
The company originally planned to use Kaitorete Spit as its primary launch site and Mahia Peninsula as a secondary one.
After encountering difficulty in obtaining resource consent for the Kaitorete Spit launch site, Rocket Lab announced in November 2015 that its primary launch site would be on the Māhia Peninsula, east of Wairoa on the North Island.
The site is licensed to launch rockets every 72 hours for 30 years.
Rocket Lab Launch Complex 1 (LC-1A) was officially opened on 26 September 2016 (UTC; 27 September NZDT).
In December 2019, Rocket Lab began construction of a second pad on the Māhia Peninsula named Launch Complex 1B.
On 28 February 2022, Launch Complex 1B hosted its first launch: "The Owl's Night Continues." LC-1 has been in operation since 2017 and has supported numerous launches for a variety of customers, including NASA, the U.S.
Air Force, and commercial satellite operators.
LC-1A was the first part of LC-1 and was introduced in 2017.
The first launch supported from LC-1A was "It's a Test." LC-1B was added later in February 2022.
"The Owl's Night Continues" was the first launch supported from LC-1B.
=== Launch Complex 2 ===  In late 2018, the company selected MARS as its second launch site.
Decision factors included infrastructure readiness, few launches from other companies, and the ability to supplement LC-1 orbital inclinations.
It was expected to be capable of monthly launches.
Launch Complex 2 (LC-2) is located within the fence line of MARS Launch Pad 0A.
In December 2019, construction of the launch pad was completed, and Rocket Lab inaugurated LC-2.
The first Electron launch from LC-2 happened on 24 January 2023 during the "Virginia is for launch lovers" mission, named in celebration of the launch.
The launch placed three satellites in orbit.
Two more missions were later launched from LC-2.
=== Launch Complex 3 ===  In October 2023, construction of a new launch site between LP-0A and LP-0B was observed.
The launch site (for Neutron) will be named Launch Pad 0D (LP-0D).
Rocket Lab refers to LP-0D as Launch Complex 3 or LC-3 (located at 37.8321693°N 75.4899046°W﻿ / 37.8321693; -75.4899046﻿ (Wallops Island Launch Complex-2)).
Progress was seen in April 2024 with the installation of the water tower.
Concrete work was reportedly completed in May 2024.
On 28 August 2025, LC-3 was officially opened with an official opening ceremony hosted directly at LC-3, with attendees such as Rocket Lab team members, founding staff, and even official representatives, including the Governor of Virginia, Glenn Youngkin.
== See also ==  Firefly Aerospace – American aerospace company   == References ==   == External links ==  Official website   Business data for Rocket Lab USA, Inc.:
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) is a private research university in Cambridge, Massachusetts, United States.
Established in 1861, MIT has played a significant role in the development of many areas of modern technology and science.
In response to the increasing industrialization of the United States, William Barton Rogers organized a school in Boston to create "useful knowledge." Initially funded by a federal land grant, the institute adopted a polytechnic model that stressed laboratory instruction in applied science and engineering.
MIT moved from Boston to Cambridge in 1916 and grew rapidly through collaboration with private industry, military branches, and new federal basic research agencies, the formation of which was influenced by MIT faculty like Vannevar Bush.
In the late twentieth century, MIT became a leading center for research in computer science, digital technology, artificial intelligence and big science initiatives like the Human Genome Project.
Engineering remains its largest school, though MIT has also built programs in basic science, social sciences, business management, and humanities.
The institute has an urban campus that extends more than a mile (1.6 km) along the Charles River.
The campus is known for academic buildings interconnected by corridors and many significant modernist buildings.
MIT's off-campus operations include the MIT Lincoln Laboratory and the Haystack Observatory, as well as affiliated laboratories such as the Broad and Whitehead Institutes.
The institute also has a strong entrepreneurial culture and MIT alumni have founded or co-founded many notable companies.
As of October 2024, 105 Nobel laureates, 26 Turing Award winners, and 8 Fields Medalists have been affiliated with MIT as alumni, faculty members, or researchers.
In addition, 58 National Medal of Science recipients, 29 National Medals of Technology and Innovation recipients, 50 MacArthur Fellows, 83 Marshall Scholars, 41 astronauts, 16 Chief Scientists of the US Air Force, and 8 foreign heads of state have been affiliated with MIT.
== History ==   === Foundation and vision === [...] a school of industrial science aiding the advancement, development and practical application of science in connection with arts, agriculture, manufactures, and commerce [...] In 1859, a proposal was submitted to the Massachusetts General Court to use newly filled lands in Back Bay, Boston for a "Conservatory of Art and Science", but the proposal failed.
A charter for the incorporation of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, proposed by William Barton Rogers, was signed by John Albion Andrew, the governor of Massachusetts, on April 10, 1861.
Rogers, a geologist who had recently arrived in Boston from the University of Virginia, wanted to establish an institution to address rapid scientific and technological advances.
He did not wish to found a professional school, but a combination with elements of both professional and liberal education, proposing that:  The true and only practicable object of a polytechnic school is, as I conceive, the teaching, not of the minute details and manipulations of the arts, which can be done only in the workshop, but the inculcation of those scientific principles which form the basis and explanation of them, and along with this, a full and methodical review of all their leading processes and operations in connection with physical laws.
The Rogers Plan reflected the German research university model, emphasizing an independent faculty engaged in research, as well as instruction oriented around seminars and laboratories.
=== Early developments ===  Two days after MIT was chartered, the first battle of the Civil War broke out.
After a long delay through the war years, MIT's first classes were held in the Mercantile Building in Boston in 1865.
The new institute was founded as part of the Morrill Land-Grant Colleges Act to fund institutions "to promote the liberal and practical education of the industrial classes" and was a land-grant school.
In 1863 under the same act, the Commonwealth of Massachusetts founded the Massachusetts Agricultural College, which developed as the University of Massachusetts Amherst.
In 1866, the proceeds from land sales went toward new buildings in the Back Bay.
The institute adopted the European polytechnic university model and emphasized laboratory instruction from an early date.
Despite chronic financial problems, the institute saw growth in the last two decades of the 19th century under President Francis Amasa Walker.
Programs in electrical, chemical, marine, and sanitary engineering were introduced, new buildings were built, and the size of the student body increased to more than one thousand.
The curriculum drifted to a vocational emphasis, with less focus on theoretical science.
The fledgling school still suffered from chronic financial shortages which diverted the attention of the MIT leadership.
During these "Boston Tech" years, MIT faculty and alumni rebuffed Harvard University president (and former MIT faculty) Charles W.
Eliot's repeated attempts to merge MIT with Harvard College's Lawrence Scientific School.
There would be at least six attempts to absorb MIT into Harvard.
In its cramped Back Bay location, MIT could not afford to expand its overcrowded facilities, driving a desperate search for a new campus and funding.
Eventually, the MIT Corporation approved a formal agreement to merge with Harvard and move to Allston, over the vehement objections of MIT faculty, students, and alumni.
The merger plan collapsed in 1905 when the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court ruled that MIT could not sell its Back Bay land.
In 1912, MIT acquired its current campus by purchasing a one-mile (1.6 km) tract of filled lands along the Cambridge side of the Charles River.
The neoclassical "New Technology" campus was designed by William W.
Bosworth and had been funded largely by anonymous donations from a mysterious "Mr.
In January 1920, the donor was revealed to be the industrialist George Eastman, an inventor of film production methods and founder of Eastman Kodak.
Between 1912 and 1920, Eastman donated $20 million ($304.2 million in 2024 dollars) in cash and Kodak stock to MIT.
In 1916, with the first academic buildings complete, the MIT administration and the MIT charter crossed the Charles River on the ceremonial barge Bucentaur built for the occasion.
Needing funds to match Eastman's gift and cover retreating state support, President Richard MacLaurin launched an industry funding model known as the "Technology Plan" in 1920.
As MIT grew under the Tech Plan, it built new postgraduate programs that stressed laboratory work on industry problems, including a new program in electrical engineering.
Gerard Swope, MIT's chairman and head of General Electric, believed talented engineers needed scientific research training.
In 1930, he recruited Karl Taylor Compton to helm MIT's transformation as a "technological" research university and to build more autonomy from private industry.
a special type of educational institution which can be defined as a university polarized around science, engineering, and the arts.
We might call it a university limited in its objectives but unlimited in the breadth and the thoroughness with which it pursues these objectives.
In the 1930s, President Karl Taylor Compton and Vice-President (effectively Provost) Vannevar Bush emphasized the importance of pure sciences like physics and chemistry and reduced the vocational practice required in shops and drafting studios.
The Compton reforms "renewed confidence in the ability of the Institute to develop leadership in science as well as in engineering".
Unlike Ivy League schools, MIT catered more to middle-class families, and depended more on tuition than on endowments or grants for its funding.
Still, as late as 1949, the Lewis Committee lamented in its report on the state of education at MIT that "the Institute is widely conceived as basically a vocational school", a "partly unjustified" perception the committee sought to change.
The report comprehensively reviewed the undergraduate curriculum, recommended offering a broader education, and warned against letting engineering and government-sponsored research detract from the sciences and humanities.
The School of Humanities, Arts, and Social Sciences and the MIT Sloan School of Management were formed in 1950 to compete with the powerful Schools of Science and Engineering.
Previously marginalized faculties in the areas of economics, management, political science, and linguistics emerged into cohesive and assertive departments by attracting respected professors and launching competitive graduate programs.
Humanities and social science programs continued to develop under the successive terms of the more humanistically oriented presidents Howard W.
Johnson and Jerome Wiesner between 1966 and 1980.
=== Defense research ===  MIT's involvement in military research projects surged during World War II.
In 1941, Vannevar Bush was appointed head of the federal Office of Scientific Research and Development and directed funding to only a select group of universities, including MIT.
Engineers and scientists from across the country gathered at MIT's Radiation Laboratory, established in 1940 to assist the British military in developing microwave radar.
The work done there significantly affected both the war and subsequent research in the area.
Other defense projects included gyroscope-based and other complex control systems for gunsight, bombsight, and inertial navigation under Charles Stark Draper's Instrumentation Laboratory; the development of a digital computer for flight simulations under Project Whirlwind; and high-speed and high-altitude photography under Harold Edgerton.
By the end of the war, MIT became the nation's largest wartime R&D contractor (attracting some criticism of Bush), employing nearly 4000 in the Radiation Laboratory alone and receiving in excess of $100 million ($1.2 billion in 2015 dollars) before 1946.
Work on defense projects continued even after then.
Post-war government-sponsored research at MIT included SAGE and guidance systems for ballistic missiles and Project Apollo.
These activities affected MIT profoundly.
A 1949 report noted the lack of "any great slackening in the pace of life at the Institute" to match the return to peacetime, remembering the "academic tranquility of the prewar years", though acknowledging the significant contributions of military research to the increased emphasis on graduate education and rapid growth of personnel and facilities.
The faculty doubled and the graduate student body quintupled during the presidential terms of Karl Taylor Compton (1930–1948), James Rhyne Killian (1948–1957), and chancellor Julius Adams Stratton (1952–1957), whose institution-building strategies shaped the expanding university.
By the 1950s, MIT no longer simply benefited the industries with which it had worked for three decades, and it had developed closer working relationships with new patrons, philanthropic foundations and the federal government.
In late 1960s and early 1970s, student and faculty activists protested against the Vietnam War and MIT's defense research.
In this period MIT's various departments were researching helicopters, smart bombs and counterinsurgency techniques for the war in Vietnam as well as guidance systems for nuclear missiles.
The Union of Concerned Scientists was founded on March 4, 1969 during a meeting of faculty members and students seeking to shift the emphasis on military research toward environmental and social problems.
MIT ultimately divested itself from the Instrumentation Laboratory and moved all classified research off-campus to the MIT Lincoln Laboratory facility in 1973 in response to the protests.
The student body, faculty, and administration remained comparatively unpolarized during what was a tumultuous time for many other universities.
Johnson was seen to be highly successful in leading his institution to "greater strength and unity" after these times of turmoil.
However six MIT students were sentenced to prison terms at this time and some former student leaders, such as Michael Albert and George Katsiaficas, are still indignant about MIT's role in military research and its suppression of these protests.
(Richard Leacock's film, November Actions, records some of these tumultuous events.) In the 1980s, there was more controversy at MIT over its involvement in SDI (space weaponry) and CBW (chemical and biological warfare) research.
More recently, MIT's research for the military has included work on robots, drones and 'battle suits'.
=== Recent history ===  MIT has kept pace with and helped to advance the digital age.
In addition to developing the predecessors to modern computing and networking technologies, students, staff, and faculty members at Project MAC, the Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, and the Tech Model Railroad Club wrote some of the earliest interactive computer video games like Spacewar!
and created much of modern hacker slang and culture.
Several major computer-related organizations have originated at MIT since the 1980s: Richard Stallman's GNU Project and the subsequent Free Software Foundation were founded in the mid-1980s at the AI Lab; the MIT Media Lab was founded in 1985 by Nicholas Negroponte and Jerome Wiesner to promote research into novel uses of computer technology; the World Wide Web Consortium standards organization was founded at the Laboratory for Computer Science in 1994 by Tim Berners-Lee; the OpenCourseWare project has made course materials for over 2,000 MIT classes available online free of charge since 2002; and the One Laptop per Child initiative to expand computer education and connectivity to children worldwide was launched in 2005.
MIT was named a sea-grant college in 1976 to support its programs in oceanography and marine sciences and was named a space-grant college in 1989 to support its aeronautics and astronautics programs.
Despite diminishing government financial support over the past quarter century, MIT launched several successful development campaigns to significantly expand the campus: new dormitories and athletics buildings on west campus; the Tang Center for Management Education; several buildings in the northeast corner of campus supporting research into biology, brain and cognitive sciences, genomics, biotechnology, and cancer research; and a number of new "backlot" buildings on Vassar Street including the Stata Center.
Construction on campus in the 2000s included expansions of the Media Lab, the Sloan School's eastern campus, and graduate residences in the northwest.
In 2006, President Hockfield launched the MIT Energy Research Council to investigate the interdisciplinary challenges posed by increasing global energy consumption.
In 2001, inspired by the open source and open access movements, MIT launched OpenCourseWare to make the lecture notes, problem sets, syllabi, exams, and lectures from the great majority of its courses available online for no charge, though without any formal accreditation for coursework completed.
While the cost of supporting and hosting the project is high, OCW expanded in 2005 to include other universities as a part of the OpenCourseWare Consortium, which currently includes more than 250 academic institutions with content available in at least six languages.
In 2011, MIT announced it would offer formal certification (but not credits or degrees) to online participants completing coursework in its "MITx" program, for a modest fee.
The "edX" online platform supporting MITx was initially developed in partnership with Harvard and its analogous "Harvardx" initiative.
The courseware platform is open source, and other universities have already joined and added their own course content.
In March 2009 the MIT faculty adopted an open-access policy to make its scholarship publicly accessible online.
Three days after the Boston Marathon bombing of April 2013, MIT Police patrol officer Sean Collier was fatally shot by the suspects Dzhokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev, setting off a violent manhunt that shut down the campus and much of the Boston metropolitan area for a day.
One week later, Collier's memorial service was attended by more than 10,000 people, in a ceremony hosted by the MIT community with thousands of police officers from the New England region and Canada.
On November 25, 2013, MIT announced the creation of the Collier Medal, to be awarded annually to "an individual or group that embodies the character and qualities that Officer Collier exhibited as a member of the MIT community and in all aspects of his life".
The announcement further stated that "Future recipients of the award will include those whose contributions exceed the boundaries of their profession, those who have contributed to building bridges across the community, and those who consistently and selflessly perform acts of kindness".
In September 2017, the school announced the creation of an artificial intelligence research lab called the MIT-IBM Watson AI Lab.
IBM will spend $240 million over the next decade, and the lab will be staffed by MIT and IBM scientists.
In October 2018 MIT announced that it would open a new Schwarzman College of Computing dedicated to the study of artificial intelligence, named after lead donor and The Blackstone Group CEO Stephen Schwarzman.
The focus of the new college is to study not just AI, but interdisciplinary AI education, and how AI can be used in fields as diverse as history and biology.
The cost of buildings and new faculty for the new college is expected to be $1 billion upon completion.
The Laser Interferometer Gravitational-Wave Observatory (LIGO) was designed and constructed by a team of scientists from California Institute of Technology, MIT, and industrial contractors, and funded by the National Science Foundation.
It was designed to open the field of gravitational-wave astronomy through the detection of gravitational waves predicted by general relativity.
Gravitational waves were detected for the first time by the LIGO detector in 2015.
For contributions to the LIGO detector and the observation of gravitational waves, two Caltech physicists, Kip Thorne and Barry Barish, and MIT physicist Rainer Weiss won the Nobel Prize in physics in 2017.
Weiss, who is also an MIT graduate, designed the laser interferometric technique, which served as the essential blueprint for the LIGO.
In April 2024, MIT students  joined other campuses across the United States in protests and setting up encampments against the Gaza war.
Student likened their actions to the historic protests against the American invasion of Vietnam and MIT investments in South African apartheid; they called for ending ties to the Israeli Ministry of Defense.
== Campus ==  MIT's 166-acre (67.2 ha) campus in the city of Cambridge spans approximately a mile along the north side of the Charles River basin.
The campus is divided roughly in half by Massachusetts Avenue, with most dormitories and student life facilities to the west and most academic buildings to the east.
The bridge closest to MIT is the Harvard Bridge, which is known for being marked off in a non-standard unit of length – the smoot.
The Kendall/MIT MBTA Red Line station is located on the northeastern edge of the campus, in Kendall Square.
The Cambridge neighborhoods surrounding MIT are a mixture of high tech companies occupying both modern office and rehabilitated industrial buildings, as well as socio-economically diverse residential neighborhoods.
In early 2016, MIT presented a development plan for Kendall Square the City of Cambridge, adding high-rise educational, retail, residential, startup incubator, and office space around the MBTA station.
The MIT Museum has moved immediately adjacent to a Kendall Square subway entrance, joining the List Visual Arts Center on the eastern end of the campus.
Each building at MIT has a number (possibly preceded by a W, N, E, or NW) designation, and most have a name as well.
Typically, academic and office buildings are referred to primarily by number while residence halls are referred to by name.
The organization of building numbers roughly corresponds to the order in which the buildings were built and their location relative (north, west, and east) to the original center cluster of Maclaurin buildings.
Many of the buildings are connected above ground as well as through an extensive network of tunnels, providing protection from the Cambridge weather as well as a venue for roof and tunnel hacking.
The campus' primary energy source is natural gas.
In connection with capital campaigns to expand the campus, the Institute has also extensively renovated existing buildings to improve their energy efficiency.
MIT has also taken steps to reduce its environmental impact by running alternative fuel campus shuttles, subsidizing public transportation passes, constructing solar power offsets, and building a cogeneration plant to power campus electricity, heating, and cooling requirements.
=== Research facilities === MIT's on-campus nuclear reactor is one of the most powerful university-based nuclear reactors in the United States.
The prominence of the reactor's containment building in a densely populated area has been controversial, but MIT maintains that it is well-secured.
MIT Nano, also known as Building 12, is an interdisciplinary facility for nanoscale research.
Its 100,000 sq ft (9,300 m2) cleanroom and research space, visible through expansive glass facades, is the largest research facility of its kind in the nation.
With a cost of US$400 million, it is also one of the costliest buildings on campus.
The facility also provides state-of-the-art nanoimaging capabilities with vibration damped imaging and metrology suites sitting atop a 5×10^6 lb (2,300,000 kg) slab of concrete underground.
Other notable campus facilities include a pressurized wind tunnel for testing aerodynamic research, a towing tank for testing ship and ocean structure designs, and previously Alcator C-Mod, which was the largest fusion device operated by any university.
MIT's campus-wide wireless network was completed in the fall of 2005 and consists of nearly 3,000 access points covering 9.4×10^6 sq ft (870,000 m2) of campus.
=== Architecture ===  MIT's School of Architecture, founded in 1865 and now called the School of Architecture and Planning, was the first formal architecture program in the United States, and it has a history of commissioning progressive buildings.
The first buildings constructed on the Cambridge campus, completed in 1916, are sometimes called the "Maclaurin buildings" after Institute president Richard Maclaurin who oversaw their construction.
Designed by William Welles Bosworth, these imposing buildings were built of reinforced concrete, a first for a non-industrial – much less university – building in the US.
Bosworth's design was influenced by the City Beautiful Movement of the early 1900s and features the Pantheon-esque Great Dome housing the Barker Engineering Library.
The Great Dome overlooks Killian Court, where graduation ceremonies are held each year.
The friezes of the limestone-clad buildings around Killian Court are engraved with the names of important scientists and philosophers.
The spacious Building 7 atrium at 77 Massachusetts Avenue is regarded as the entrance to the Infinite Corridor and the rest of the campus.
Alvar Aalto's Baker House (1947), Eero Saarinen's MIT Chapel and Kresge Auditorium (1955), and I.M.
Pei's Green, Dreyfus, Landau, and Wiesner buildings represent high forms of post-war modernist architecture.
More recent buildings like Frank Gehry's Stata Center (2004), Steven Holl's Simmons Hall (2002), Charles Correa's Building 46 (2005), and Fumihiko Maki's Media Lab Extension (2009) stand out among the Boston area's classical architecture and serve as examples of contemporary campus "starchitecture".
These buildings have not always been well received; in 2010, The Princeton Review included MIT in a list of twenty schools whose campuses are "tiny, unsightly, or both".
=== Housing ===  Undergraduates are guaranteed four-year housing in one of MIT's 11 undergraduate dormitories.
Those living on campus can receive support and mentoring from live-in graduate student tutors, resident advisors, and faculty housemasters.
Because housing assignments are made based on the preferences of the students themselves, diverse social atmospheres can be sustained in different living groups; for example, according to the Yale Daily News staff's The Insider's Guide to the Colleges, 2010, "The split between East Campus and West Campus is a significant characteristic of MIT.
East Campus has gained a reputation as a thriving counterculture." MIT also has 5 dormitories for single graduate students and 2 apartment buildings on campus for married student families.
MIT has an active Greek and co-op housing system, including thirty-six fraternities, sororities, and independent living groups (FSILGs).
As of 2015, 98% of all undergraduates lived in MIT-affiliated housing; 54% of the men participated in fraternities and 20% of the women were involved in sororities.
Most FSILGs are located across the river in Back Bay near where MIT was founded, and there is also a cluster of fraternities on MIT's West Campus that face the Charles River Basin.
After the 1997 alcohol-related death of Scott Krueger, a new pledge at the Phi Gamma Delta fraternity, MIT required all freshmen to live in the dormitory system starting in 2002.
Because FSILGs had previously housed as many as 300 freshmen off-campus, the new policy could not be implemented until Simmons Hall opened in that year.
In 2013–2014, MIT abruptly closed and then demolished undergrad dorm Bexley Hall, citing extensive water damage that made repairs infeasible.
In 2017, MIT shut down Senior House after a century of service as an undergrad dorm.
That year, MIT administrators released data showing just 60% of Senior House residents had graduated in four years.
Campus-wide, the four-year graduation rate is 84% (the cumulative graduation rate is significantly higher).
=== Off-campus real estate === MIT has substantial commercial real estate holdings in Cambridge on which it pays property taxes, plus an additional voluntary payment in lieu of taxes (PILOT) on academic buildings which are legally tax-exempt.
As of 2017, it is the largest taxpayer in the city, contributing approximately 14% of the city's annual revenues.
Holdings include Technology Square, parts of Kendall Square, University Park, and many properties in Cambridgeport and Area 4 neighboring the main campus.
The land is held for investment purposes and potential long-term expansion.
== Organization and administration ==  MIT is a state-chartered nonprofit corporation governed by a privately appointed board known as the MIT Corporation.
The Corporation has 60–80 members at any time, some with fixed terms, some with life appointments, and eight who serve ex officio.
The Corporation approves the budget, new programs, degrees and faculty appointments, and elects a president to manage the university and preside over the Institute's faculty.
The current president is Sally Kornbluth, a cell biologist and former provost at Duke University, who became MIT's eighteenth president in January 2023.
MIT has five schools (Science, Engineering, Architecture and Planning, Management, and Humanities, Arts, and Social Sciences) and one college (Schwarzman College of Computing), but no schools of law or medicine.
Faculty committees have control over many areas of MIT's curriculum, research, student life, and administrative affairs, the chair of each of MIT's academic departments reports to the dean of that department's school, who in turn reports to the Provost under the President.
Academic departments are also evaluated by "Visiting Committees", specialized bodies of Corporation members and outside experts who review the performance, activities, and needs of each department.
MIT's endowment, real estate, and other financial assets are managed through by the MIT Investment Management Company (MITIMCo), a subsidiary of the MIT Corporation created in 2004.
A minor revenue source for much of the Institute's history, the endowment's role in MIT operations has grown due to strong investment returns since the 1990s, making it one the largest U.S.
Among its holdings are a majority of shares in the audio equipment manufacturer Bose Corporation, as well as a commercial real estate portfolio in Kendall Square.
== Academics ==  MIT is a large, highly residential, research university with a majority of enrollments in graduate and professional programs.
The university has been accredited by the New England Association of Schools and Colleges since 1929.
MIT operates on a 4–1–4 academic calendar with the fall semester beginning after Labor Day and ending in mid-December, a 4-week "Independent Activities Period" in the month of January, and the spring semester commencing in early February and ceasing in late May.
MIT students refer to both their majors and classes using numbers or acronyms alone.
Departments and their corresponding majors are numbered in the approximate order of their foundation; for example, Civil and Environmental Engineering is Course 1, while Linguistics and Philosophy is Course 24.
Students majoring in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science (EECS), the most popular department, collectively identify themselves as "Course 6".
MIT students use a combination of the department's course number and the number assigned to the class to identify their subjects; for instance, the introductory calculus-based classical mechanics course is simply "8.01" (pronounced eight-oh-one) at MIT.
=== Undergraduate program ===  The four-year, full-time undergraduate program maintains a balance between professional majors and those in the arts and sciences.
In 2010, it was dubbed "most selective" by U.S.
News, admitting few transfer students and 4.1% of its applicants in the 2020–2021 admissions cycle.
It is need-blind for both domestic and international applicants.
MIT offers 44 undergraduate degrees across its five schools.
In the 2017–2018 academic year, 1,045 Bachelor of Science degrees (abbreviated "SB") were granted, the only type of undergraduate degree MIT now awards.
In the 2011 fall term, among students who had designated a major, the School of Engineering was the most popular division, enrolling 63% of students in its 19 degree programs, followed by the School of Science (29%), School of Humanities, Arts, & Social Sciences (3.7%), Sloan School of Management (3.3%), and School of Architecture and Planning (2%).
The largest undergraduate degree programs were in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science (Course 6–2), Computer Science and Engineering (Course 6–3), Mechanical Engineering (Course 2), Physics (Course 8), and Mathematics (Course 18).
All undergraduates are required to complete a core curriculum called the General Institute Requirements (GIRs).
The Science Requirement, generally completed during freshman year as prerequisites for classes in science and engineering majors, comprises two semesters of physics, two semesters of calculus, one semester of chemistry, and one semester of biology.
There is a Laboratory Requirement, usually satisfied by an appropriate class in a course major.
The Humanities, Arts, and Social Sciences (HASS) Requirement consists of eight semesters of classes in the humanities, arts, and social sciences, including at least one semester from each division as well as the courses required for a designated concentration in a HASS division.
Under the Communication Requirement, two of the HASS classes, plus two of the classes taken in the designated major must be "communication-intensive", including "substantial instruction and practice in oral presentation".
Finally, all students are required to complete a swimming test; non-varsity athletes must also take four quarters of physical education classes.
Most classes rely on a combination of lectures, recitations led by associate professors or graduate students, weekly problem sets ("p-sets"), and periodic quizzes or tests.
While the pace and difficulty of MIT coursework has been compared to "drinking from a fire hose", the freshmen retention rate at MIT is similar to other research universities.
The "pass/no-record" grading system relieves some pressure for first-year undergraduates.
For each class taken in the fall term, freshmen transcripts will either report only that the class was passed, or otherwise not have any record of it.
In the spring term, passing grades (A, B, C) appear on the transcript while non-passing grades are again not recorded.
(Grading had previously been "pass/no record" all freshman year, but was amended for the Class of 2006 to prevent students from gaming the system by completing required major classes in their freshman year.) Also, freshmen may choose to join alternative learning communities, such as Experimental Study Group, Concourse, or Terrascope.
MIT's curriculum encourages students to apply scientific knowledge in practical domains, an idea summarized in the institute motto of mens et manus or "mind and hand." Courses emphasizes uses of engineering knowledge in arenas like product design competitions and control design.
In 1969, Margaret MacVicar founded the Undergraduate Research Opportunities Program (UROP) to enable undergraduates to collaborate directly with faculty members and researchers.
Students join or initiate research projects ("UROPs") for academic credit, pay, or on a volunteer basis through postings on the UROP website or by contacting faculty members directly.
A substantial majority of undergraduates participate.
Students often become published, file patent applications, and/or launch start-up companies based upon their experience in UROPs.
The program has been widely emulated at other U.S.
In 1970, the then-Dean of Institute Relations, Benson R.
Snyder, published The Hidden Curriculum, arguing that education at MIT was often slighted in favor of following a set of unwritten expectations and that graduating with good grades was more often the product of figuring out the system rather than a solid education.
The successful student, according to Snyder, was the one who was able to discern which of the formal requirements were to be ignored in favor of which unstated norms.
For example, organized student groups had compiled "course bibles"—collections of problem-set and examination questions and answers for later students to use as references.
This sort of gamesmanship, Snyder argued, hindered development of a creative intellect and contributed to student discontent and unrest.
=== Graduate program === MIT's graduate program has high coexistence with the undergraduate program, and many courses are taken by qualified students at both levels.
MIT offers a comprehensive doctoral program with degrees in the humanities, social sciences, and STEM fields as well as professional degrees, including the Master of Business Administration (MBA).
The Institute offers graduate programs leading to academic degrees such as the Master of Science (which is abbreviated as MS at MIT), various Engineer's Degrees, Doctor of Philosophy (PhD), and Doctor of Science (DSc) and interdisciplinary graduate programs such as the MD-PhD (with Harvard Medical School) and a joint program in oceanography with Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution.
Admission to graduate programs is decentralized; applicants apply directly to the department or degree program.
More than 90% of doctoral students are supported by fellowships, research assistantships (RAs), or teaching assistantships (TAs).
=== Rankings ===  MIT places among the top five in many overall rankings of universities (see table right) and rankings based on students' revealed preferences.
News & World Report, the QS World University Rankings, and the Academic Ranking of World Universities have ranked MIT's School of Engineering first, as did the 1995 National Research Council report.
In the same lists, MIT's strongest showings apart from in engineering are in computer science, the natural sciences, business, architecture, economics, linguistics, mathematics, and, to a lesser extent, political science and philosophy.
Times Higher Education has recognized MIT as one of the world's "six super brands" on its World Reputation Rankings, along with Berkeley, Cambridge, Harvard, Oxford, and Stanford.
In 2019, it was ranked #3 among the universities around the world by SCImago Institutions Rankings.
In 2017, the Times Higher Education World University Rankings also rated MIT the #2 university for arts and humanities.
MIT was ranked #7 in 2015 and #6 in 2017 of the Nature Index Annual Tables, which measure the largest contributors to papers published in 82 leading journals.
Georgetown University researchers ranked MIT #3 in the US for 20-year return on investment.
=== Collaborations ===  The university historically pioneered research and training collaborations between academia, industry and government.
In 1946, President Compton, Harvard Business School professor Georges Doriot, and Massachusetts Investor Trust chairman Merrill Grisswold founded American Research and Development Corporation, the first American venture-capital firm.
In 1948, Compton established the MIT Industrial Liaison Program.
Throughout the late 1980s and early 1990s, American politicians and business leaders accused MIT and other universities of contributing to a declining economy by transferring taxpayer-funded research and technology to international – especially Japanese – firms that were competing with struggling American businesses.
On the other hand, MIT's extensive collaboration with the federal government on research projects has led to several MIT leaders serving as presidential scientific advisers since 1940.
MIT established a Washington Office in 1991 to continue effective lobbying for research funding and national science policy.
The US Justice Department began an investigation in 1989, and in 1991 filed an antitrust suit against MIT, the eight Ivy League colleges, and eleven other institutions for allegedly engaging in price-fixing during their annual "Overlap Meetings", which were held to prevent bidding wars over promising prospective students from consuming funds for need-based scholarships.
While the Ivy League institutions settled, MIT contested the charges, arguing that the practice was not anti-competitive because it ensured the availability of aid for the greatest number of students.
MIT ultimately prevailed when the Justice Department dropped the case in 1994.
MIT's proximity to Harvard University ("the other school up the river") has led to a substantial number of research collaborations such as the Harvard–MIT Division of Health Sciences and Technology and the Broad Institute.
In addition, students at the two schools can cross-register for credits toward their own school's degrees without any additional fees.
A cross-registration program between MIT and Wellesley College has also existed since 1969, and in 2002 the Cambridge–MIT Institute launched an undergraduate exchange program between MIT and the University of Cambridge.
MIT also has a long-term partnership with Imperial College London, for both student exchanges and research collaboration.
More modest cross-registration programs have been established with Boston University, Brandeis University, Tufts University, Massachusetts College of Art, and the School of the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston.
MIT maintains substantial research and faculty ties with independent research organizations in the Boston area, such as the Charles Stark Draper Laboratory, the Whitehead Institute for Biomedical Research, and the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution.
Ongoing international research and educational collaborations include the Amsterdam Institute for Advanced Metropolitan Solutions (AMS Institute), Singapore-MIT Alliance, MIT-Politecnico di Milano, MIT-Zaragoza International Logistics Program, and projects in other countries through the MIT International Science and Technology Initiatives (MISTI) program.
The mass-market magazine Technology Review is published by MIT through a subsidiary company, as is a special edition that also serves as an alumni magazine.
The MIT Press is a major university press, publishing over 200 books and 30 journals annually, emphasizing science and technology as well as arts, architecture, new media, current events, and social issues.
MIT Microphotonics Center and PhotonDelta founded the global roadmap for integrated photonics: Integrated Photonics Systems Roadmap – International (IPSR-I).
The first edition has been published in 2020.
The roadmap is an amalgamation of two previously independent roadmaps: the IPSR roadmap of MIT Microphotonics Center and AIM Photonics in the United States, and the WTMF (World Technology Mapping Forum) of PhotonDelta in Europe.
In 2022, Open Philanthropy donated $13,277,348 to MIT to study potential risks from AI.
=== Libraries, collections, and museums ===  The MIT library system consists of five subject libraries: Barker (Engineering), Dewey (Economics), Hayden (Humanities and Science), Lewis (Music), and Rotch (Arts and Architecture).
There are also various specialized libraries and archives.
The libraries contain more than 2.9 million printed volumes, 2.4 million microforms, 49,000 print or electronic journal subscriptions, and 670 reference databases.
The past decade has seen a trend of increased focus on digital over print resources in the libraries.
Notable collections include the Lewis Music Library with an emphasis on 20th and 21st-century music and electronic music, the List Visual Arts Center's rotating exhibitions of contemporary art, and the Compton Gallery's cross-disciplinary exhibitions.
MIT allocates a percentage of the budget for all new construction and renovation to commission and support its extensive public art and outdoor sculpture collection.
The MIT Museum was founded in 1971 and collects, preserves, and exhibits artifacts significant to the culture and history of MIT.
The museum now engages in significant educational outreach programs for the general public, including the annual Cambridge Science Festival, the first celebration of this kind in the United States.
Since 2005, its official mission has been, "to engage the wider community with MIT's science, technology and other areas of scholarship in ways that will best serve the nation and the world in the 21st century".
=== Research === MIT was elected to the Association of American Universities in 1934 and is classified among "R1: Doctoral Universities – Very high research activity"; research expenditures totaled $952 million in 2017.
The federal government was the largest source of sponsored research, with the Department of Health and Human Services granting $255.9 million, Department of Defense $97.5 million, Department of Energy $65.8 million, National Science Foundation $61.4 million, and NASA $27.4 million.
MIT employs approximately 1300 researchers in addition to faculty.
In 2011, MIT faculty and researchers disclosed 632 inventions, were issued 153 patents, earned $85.4 million in cash income, and received $69.6 million in royalties.
Through programs like the Deshpande Center, MIT faculty leverage their research and discoveries into multi-million-dollar commercial ventures.
In electronics, magnetic-core memory, radar, single-electron transistors, and inertial guidance controls were invented or substantially developed by MIT researchers.
Harold Eugene Edgerton was a pioneer in high-speed photography and sonar.
Shannon developed much of modern information theory and discovered the application of Boolean logic to digital circuit design theory.
In the domain of computer science, MIT faculty and researchers made fundamental contributions to cybernetics, artificial intelligence, computer languages, machine learning, robotics, and cryptography.
At least nine Turing Award laureates and seven recipients of the Draper Prize in engineering have been or are currently associated with MIT.
Current and previous physics faculty have won eight Nobel Prizes, four ICTP Dirac Medals, and three Wolf Prizes predominantly for their contributions to subatomic and quantum theory.
Members of the chemistry department have been awarded three Nobel Prizes and one Wolf Prize for the discovery of novel syntheses and methods.
MIT biologists have been awarded six Nobel Prizes for their contributions to genetics, immunology, oncology, and molecular biology.
Professor Eric Lander was one of the principal leaders of the Human Genome Project.
Positronium atoms, synthetic penicillin, synthetic self-replicating molecules, and the genetic bases for Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (also known as ALS or Lou Gehrig's disease) and Huntington's disease were first discovered at MIT.
Jerome Lettvin transformed the study of cognitive science with his paper "What the frog's eye tells the frog's brain".
Researchers developed a system to convert MRI scans into 3D printed physical models.
In the domain of humanities, arts, and social sciences, as of October 2019 MIT economists have been awarded seven Nobel Prizes and nine John Bates Clark Medals.
Linguists Noam Chomsky and Morris Halle authored seminal texts on generative grammar and phonology.
The MIT Media Lab, founded in 1985 within the School of Architecture and Planning and known for its unconventional research, has been home to influential researchers such as constructivist educator and Logo creator Seymour Papert.
Spanning many of the above fields, MacArthur Fellowships (the so-called "Genius Grants") have been awarded to 50 people associated with MIT.
Five Pulitzer Prize–winning writers currently work at or have retired from MIT.
Four current or former faculty are members of the American Academy of Arts and Letters.
Allegations of research misconduct or improprieties have received substantial press coverage.
Professor David Baltimore, a Nobel Laureate, became embroiled in a misconduct investigation starting in 1986 that led to Congressional hearings in 1991.
Professor Ted Postol has accused the MIT administration since 2000 of attempting to whitewash potential research misconduct at the Lincoln Lab facility involving a ballistic missile defense test, though a final investigation into the matter has not been completed.
Associate Professor Luk Van Parijs was dismissed in 2005 following allegations of scientific misconduct and found guilty of the same by the United States Office of Research Integrity in 2009.
In 2019, Clarivate Analytics named 54 members of MIT's faculty to its list of "Highly Cited Researchers".
That number places MIT eighth among the world's universities.
=== Summer program === Massachusetts Institute of Technology offers the MIT Introduction to Engineering and Science (MITES), a six-week summer program for rising high school seniors.
Its purpose is to expose students from underserved and underrepresented backgrounds to the fields of science and engineering.
The program also aims to foster an interest in these subject matters and prepare students for the pressures and lifestyle of college life.
MITES was founded in 1974 as the MITE (Minority Introduction to Engineering) Program with the purpose of increasing the number of people from underrepresented backgrounds in the engineering profession.
It started out as a two-week intensive program, and later evolved into what is now a six-week program for 60-80 students.
== Discoveries and innovation ==   === Natural sciences === Oncogene – Robert Weinberg discovered genetic basis of human cancer.
Reverse transcription – David Baltimore independently isolated, in 1970 at MIT, two RNA tumor viruses: R-MLV and again RSV.
Thermal death time – Samuel Cate Prescott and William Lyman Underwood from 1895 to 1898.
Applications later found useful in medical devices, pharmaceuticals, and cosmetics.
Electroweak interaction – Steven Weinberg proposed the electroweak unification theory, which gave rise to the modern formulation of the Standard Model, in 1967 at MIT.
=== Computer and applied sciences === Akamai Technologies – Daniel Lewin and Tom Leighton developed a faster content delivery network, now one of the world's largest distributed computing platforms, responsible for serving between 15 and 30 percent of all web traffic.
Cryptography – MIT researchers Ron Rivest, Adi Shamir and Leonard Adleman developed one of the first practical public-key cryptosystems, the RSA cryptosystem, and started a company, RSA Security.
Digital circuits – Claude Shannon, while a master's degree student at MIT, developed the digital circuit design theory which paved the way for modern computers.
Electronic ink – developed by Joseph Jacobson at MIT Media Lab.
Emacs (text editor) – development began during the 1970s at the MIT AI Lab.
Flight recorder (black box) – Charles Stark Draper developed the black box at MIT's Instrumentation Laboratory.
That lab later made the Apollo Moon landings possible through the Apollo Guidance Computer it designed for NASA.
GNU Project – Richard Stallman formally founded the free software movement in 1983 by launching the GNU Project at MIT.
Julia (programming language) – Development was started in 2009, by Jeff Bezanson, Stefan Karpinski, Viral B.
Shah, and Alan Edelman, all at MIT at that time, and continued with the contribution of a dedicated MIT Julia Lab Lisp (programming language) – John McCarthy invented Lisp at MIT in 1958.
Lithium-ion battery efficiencies – Yet-Ming Chiang and his group at MIT showed a substantial improvement in the performance of lithium batteries by boosting the material's conductivity by doping it with aluminium, niobium and zirconium.
Macsyma, one of the oldest general-purpose computer algebra systems; the GPL-licensed version Maxima remains in wide use.
MIT OpenCourseWare – the OpenCourseWare movement started in 1999 when the University of Tübingen in Germany published videos of lectures online for its timms initiative (Tübinger Internet Multimedia Server).
The OCW movement only took off, however, with the launch of MIT OpenCourseWare and the Open Learning Initiative at Carnegie Mellon University in October 2002.
The movement was soon reinforced by the launch of similar projects at Yale, Utah State University, the University of Michigan and the University of California, Berkeley.
Perdix micro-drone – autonomous drone that uses artificial intelligence to swarm with many other Perdix drones.
Project MAC – groundbreaking research in operating systems, artificial intelligence, and the theory of computation.
Radar – developed at MIT's Radiation Laboratory during World War II.
SKETCHPAD – invented by Ivan Sutherland at MIT (presented in his PhD thesis).
It pioneered the way for human–computer interaction (HCI).
Sketchpad is considered to be the ancestor of modern computer-aided design (CAD) programs as well as a major breakthrough in the development of computer graphics in general.
VisiCalc – first spreadsheet computer program for personal computers, originally released for the Apple II by VisiCorp.
MIT alumni Dan Bricklin and Bob Frankston rented time sharing at night on an MIT mainframe computer (that cost $1/hr for use).
World Wide Web Consortium – founded in 1994 by Tim Berners-Lee, (W3C) is the main international standards organization for the World Wide Web X Window System – pioneering architecture-independent system for graphical user interfaces that has been widely used for Unix and Linux systems.
=== Companies and entrepreneurship === MIT alumni and faculty have founded numerous companies, some of which are shown below:  Analog Devices, 1965, co-founders Ray Stata, (SB, SM) and Matthew Lorber (SB) BlackRock, 1988, co-founder Bennett Golub, (SB, SM, PhD) Bose Corporation, 1964, founder Amar Bose (SB, PhD) Boston Dynamics, 1992, founder Marc Raibert (PhD) Buzzfeed, 2006, co-founder Jonah Peretti (SM) Dropbox, 2007, founders Drew Houston (SB) and Arash Ferdowsi (drop-out) Hewlett-Packard, 1939, co-founder William R.
Hewlett (SM) HuffPost, 2005, co-founder Jonah Peretti (SM) Intel, 1968, co-founder Robert Noyce (PhD) Khan Academy, 2008, founder Salman Khan (SB, SM) Koch Industries, 1940, founder Fred C.
Koch (SB), sons William (SB, PhD), David (SB) Qualcomm, 1985, co-founders Irwin M.
Jacobs (SM, PhD) and Andrew Viterbi (SB, SM) Raytheon, 1922, co-founder Vannevar Bush (DEng, Professor) Renaissance Technologies, 1982, founder James Simons (SB) Scale AI, 2016, founder Alexandr Wang (drop-out) Texas Instruments, 1930, founder Cecil Howard Green (SB, SM) TSMC, 1987, founder Morris Chang (SB, SM) VMware, 1998, co-founder Diane Greene (SM)   == Traditions and student activities ==  The faculty and student body place a high value on meritocracy and on technical proficiency.
MIT has never awarded an honorary degree, nor does it award athletic scholarships, ad eundem degrees, or Latin honors upon graduation.
However, MIT has twice awarded honorary professorships: to Winston Churchill in 1949 and Salman Rushdie in 1993.
Many upperclass students and alumni wear a large, heavy, distinctive class ring known as the "Brass Rat".
Originally created in 1929, the ring's official name is the "Standard Technology Ring".
The undergraduate ring design (a separate graduate student version exists as well) varies slightly from year to year to reflect the unique character of the MIT experience for that class, but always features a three-piece design, with the MIT seal and the class year each appearing on a separate face, flanking a large rectangular bezel bearing an image of a beaver.
The initialism IHTFP, representing the informal school motto "I Hate This Fucking Place" and jocularly euphemized as "I Have Truly Found Paradise", "Institute Has The Finest Professors", "Institute of Hacks, TomFoolery and Pranks", "It's Hard to Fondle Penguins", and other variations, has occasionally been featured on the ring given its historical prominence in student culture.
=== Caltech Rivalry ===  MIT also shares a well-known rivalry with the California Institute of Technology (Caltech), stemming from both institutions' reputations as two of the highest ranked and most highly recognized science and engineering schools in the world.
The rivalry is an unusual college rivalry given its focus on academics and pranks instead of sports, and due to the geographic distance between the two (their campuses are separated by about 2580 miles and are on opposite coasts of the United States).
In 2005, Caltech students pranked MIT's Campus Preview Weekend by distributing t-shirts that read "MIT" on the front, and "...because not everyone can go to Caltech" on the back.
Additionally, the word Massachusetts in the "Massachusetts Institute of Technology" engraving on the exterior of the Lobby 7 dome was covered with a banner so that it read "That Other Institute of Technology".
In 2006, MIT retaliated by posing as contractors and stealing the 1.7-ton, 130-year-old Fleming cannon, a Caltech landmark.
The cannon was relocated to Cambridge, where it was displayed in front of the Green Building during the 2006 Campus Preview Weekend.
In September 2010, MIT students unsuccessfully tried to place a life-sized model of the TARDIS time machine from the Doctor Who (1963–present) television series on top of Baxter Hall at Caltech.
A few months later, Caltech students collaborated to help MIT students place the TARDIS on top of their originally planned destination.
The rivalry has continued, most recently in 2014, when a group of Caltech students gave out mugs sporting the MIT logo on the front and the words "The Institute of Technology" on the back.
When heated, the mugs turned orange and read, "Caltech, The Hotter Institute of Technology".
=== Activities ===  MIT has over 500 recognized student activity groups, including a campus radio station, The Tech student newspaper, an annual entrepreneurship competition, a crime club, and weekly screenings of popular films by the Lecture Series Committee.
Less traditional activities include the "world's largest open-shelf collection of science fiction" in English, a model railroad club, and a vibrant folk dance scene.
Students, faculty, and staff are involved in over 50 educational outreach and public service programs through the MIT Museum, Edgerton Center, and MIT Public Service Center.
Fraternities and sororities provide a base of activities in addition to housing.
Approximately 1,000 undergrads, 48% of men and 30% of women, participate in one of several dozen Greek Life men's, women's and co-ed chapters on the campus.
The Independent Activities Period is a four-week-long "term" offering hundreds of optional classes, lectures, demonstrations, and other activities throughout the month of January between the Fall and Spring semesters.
Some of the most popular recurring IAP activities are Autonomous Robot Design (course 6.270), Robocraft Programming (6.370), and MasLab competitions, the annual "mystery hunt", and Charm School.
More than 250 students pursue externships annually at companies in the US and abroad.
Many MIT students also engage in "hacking", which encompasses both the physical exploration of areas that are generally off-limits (such as rooftops and steam tunnels), as well as elaborate practical jokes.
Examples of high-profile hacks have included the abduction of Caltech's cannon, reconstructing a Wright Flyer atop the Great Dome, and adorning the John Harvard statue with the Master Chief's Mjölnir Helmet.
=== Athletics ===  MIT sponsors 31 varsity sports and has one of the three broadest NCAA Division III athletic programs.
MIT participates in the NCAA's Division III, and the New England Women's and Men's Athletic Conference.
It also participates in  NCAA's Division I Patriot League for women's crew, and the Collegiate Water Polo Association (CWPA) for Men's Water Polo.
Men's crew competes outside the NCAA in the Eastern Association of Rowing Colleges (EARC).
MIT's intercollegiate sports teams, called the Engineers, have won 22 Team National Championships and 42 Individual National Championships.
MIT is the all-time Division III leader in producing Academic All-Americas (302) and ranks second across all NCAA Divisions,  behind only the University of Nebraska–Lincoln.
MIT Athletes won 13 Elite 90 awards and ranks first among NCAA Division III programs, and third among all divisions.
In April 2009, budget cuts led to MIT eliminating eight of its 41 sports, including the mixed men's and women's teams in alpine skiing and pistol; separate teams for men and women in ice hockey and gymnastics; and men's programs in golf and wrestling.
== People ==   === Students ===  MIT enrolled 4,602 undergraduates and 6,972 graduate students in 2018–2019.
Undergraduate and graduate students came from all 50 US states as well as from 115 foreign countries.
MIT received 33,240 applications for admission to the undergraduate Class of 2025: it admitted 1,365 (4.1 percent).
In 2019, 29,114 applications were received for graduate and advanced degree programs across all departments; 3,670 were admitted (12.6 percent) and 2,312 enrolled (63 percent).
Supreme Court overruled race-based affirmative action in Students for Fair Admissions v.
Harvard (2023), the university reported that for the class of 2028, Black and Latino student enrollment decreased from previous averages to 5 and 11 percent, respectively, while Asian American enrollment increased to 47 percent.
Undergraduate tuition and fees for 2019–2020 was $53,790 for nine months.
59% of students were awarded a need-based MIT scholarship.
Graduate tuition and fees for 2019–2020 was also $53,790 for nine months, and summer tuition was $17,800.
Financial support for graduate students are provided in large part by individual departments.
They include fellowships, traineeships, teaching and research assistantships, and loans.
The annual increase in expenses had led to a student tradition (dating back to the 1960s) of tongue-in-cheek "tuition riots".
MIT has been nominally co-educational since admitting Ellen Swallow Richards in 1870.
Richards also became the first female member of MIT's faculty, specializing in sanitary chemistry.
Female students remained a small minority prior to the completion of the first wing of a women's dormitory, McCormick Hall, in 1963.
Between 1993 and 2009 the proportion of women rose from 34 percent to 45 percent of undergraduates and from 20 percent to 31 percent of graduate students.
As of 2009, women outnumbered men in Biology, Brain & Cognitive Sciences, Architecture, Urban Planning, and Biological Engineering.
=== Faculty and staff ===  As of 2025, MIT had 1,090 faculty members.
Faculty are responsible for lecturing classes, for advising both graduate and undergraduate students, and for sitting on academic committees, as well as for conducting original research.
Between 1964 and 2009 a total of seventeen faculty and staff members affiliated with MIT won Nobel Prizes (thirteen of them in the latter 25 years).
As of October 2020, 37 MIT faculty members, past or present, have won Nobel Prizes, the majority in Economics or Physics.
As of October 2013, current faculty and teaching staff included 67 Guggenheim Fellows, 6 Fulbright Scholars, and 22 MacArthur Fellows.
Faculty members who have made extraordinary contributions to their research field as well as the MIT community are granted appointments as Institute Professors for the remainder of their tenures.
Susan Hockfield, a molecular neurobiologist, served as MIT's president from 2004 to 2012.
She was the first woman to hold the post.
MIT faculty members have often been recruited to lead other colleges and universities.
Eliot became president of Harvard University in 1869, a post he would hold for 40 years, during which he had influence both on American higher education and on secondary education.
MIT alumnus and faculty member George Ellery Hale played a central role in the development of the California Institute of Technology (Caltech), and other faculty members have been key founders of Franklin W.
Olin College of Engineering in nearby Needham, Massachusetts.
Brown served as president of Boston University; former provost Mark Wrighton is chancellor of Washington University in St.
Louis; former associate provost Alice Gast is president of Lehigh University; and former professor Suh Nam-pyo is president of KAIST.
Former dean of the School of Science Robert J.
Birgeneau was the chancellor of the University of California, Berkeley (2004–2013); former professor John Maeda was president of Rhode Island School of Design (RISD, 2008–2013); former professor David Baltimore was president of Caltech (1997–2006); and MIT alumnus and former assistant professor Hans Mark served as chancellor of the University of Texas system (1984–1992).
In addition, faculty members have been recruited to lead governmental agencies; for example, former professor Marcia McNutt is president of the National Academy of Sciences, urban studies professor Xavier de Souza Briggs served as the associate director of the White House Office of Management and Budget, and biology professor Eric Lander was a co-chair of the President's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology.
In 2013, faculty member Ernest Moniz was nominated by President Obama and later confirmed as United States Secretary of Energy.
Former professor Hans Mark served as Secretary of the Air Force from 1979 to 1981.
Alumna and Institute Professor Sheila Widnall served as Secretary of the Air Force between 1993 and 1997, making her the first female Secretary of the Air Force and first woman to lead an entire branch of the US military in the Department of Defense.
A 1999 report, met by promises of change by President Charles Vest, found that senior female faculty in the School of Science were often marginalized, and in return for equal professional accomplishments received reduced "salary, space, awards, resources, and response to outside offers".
As of 2017, MIT was the second-largest employer in the city of Cambridge.
Based on feedback from employees, MIT was ranked No.
7 as a place to work, among US colleges and universities as of March 2013.
Surveys cited a "smart", "creative", "friendly" environment, noting that the work-life balance tilts towards a "strong work ethic" but complaining about "low pay" compared to an industry position.
=== Notable alumni ===  Many of MIT's over 120,000 alumni have achieved considerable success in scientific research, public service, education, and business.
As of October 2020, 41 MIT alumni have won Nobel Prizes, 48 have been selected as Rhodes Scholars, 61 have been selected as Marshall Scholars, and 3 have been selected as Mitchell Scholars.
Alumni in United States politics and public service include former Chairman of the Federal Reserve Ben Bernanke, former MA-1 Representative John Olver, former CA-13 Representative Pete Stark, KY-4 Representative Thomas Massie, California Senator Alex Padilla, and former National Economic Council chairman Lawrence H.
MIT alumni have founded or co-founded many notable companies, such as Intel, McDonnell Douglas, Texas Instruments, 3Com, Qualcomm, Bose, Raytheon, Apotex, Koch Industries, Rockwell International, Genentech, Dropbox, and Campbell Soup.
According to the British newspaper The Guardian, "a survey of living MIT alumni found that they have formed 25,800 companies, employing more than three million people including about a quarter of the workforce of Silicon Valley.
Those firms collectively generate global revenues of about $1.9 trillion (£1.2 trillion) a year".
If the companies founded by MIT alumni were a country, they would have the 11th-highest GDP of any country in the world.
More than one third of the United States' crewed spaceflights have included MIT-educated astronauts, a contribution exceeding that of any university excluding the United States service academies.
Of the 12 people who have set foot on the Moon as of 2019, four graduated from MIT (among them Apollo 11 Lunar Module Pilot Buzz Aldrin).
Alumnus and former faculty member Qian Xuesen led the Chinese nuclear-weapons program and became instrumental in Chinese rocket-program.
Noted alumni in non-scientific fields include children's book author Hugh Lofting, sculptor Daniel Chester French, guitarist Tom Scholz of the band Boston, the British BBC and ITN correspondent and political advisor David Walter, The New York Times columnist and Nobel Prize-winning economist Paul Krugman, The Bell Curve author Charles Murray, and United States Supreme Court building architect Cass Gilbert.
== See also == Massachusetts Institute of Technology School of Engineering Whitehead Institute Eli and Edythe L.
Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard Koch Institute for Integrative Cancer Research The Coop, campus bookstore   == Notes ==   == References ==   === Sources === Also see the bibliography Archived 2012-02-22 at the Wayback Machine maintained by MIT's Institute Archives & Special Collections and Written Works in MIT in popular culture.
== External links ==  Official website  Athletics website   Texts on Wikisource: "Massachusetts Institute of Technology".
"Massachusetts Institute of Technology, The".
"Technical Education at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology".
China, officially the People's Republic of China (PRC), is a country in East Asia.
With a population exceeding 1.4 billion, it is the second-most populous country after India, representing 17% of the world population.
China borders fourteen countries by land across an area of 9.6 million square kilometers (3,700,000 sq mi), making it the third-largest country by area.
The country is divided into 33 province-level divisions: 22 provinces, 5 autonomous regions, 4 municipalities, and 2 semi-autonomous special administrative regions.
Beijing is the capital, while Shanghai is the most populous city by urban area and largest financial center.
China saw the first humans in the region arriving during the Paleolithic era.
By the 2nd millennium BCE dynastic states had emerged in the Yellow River basin.
The 8th–3rd centuries BCE saw a breakdown in the authority of the Zhou dynasty, accompanied by the emergence of administrative and military techniques, literature and philosophy.
In 221 BCE, China was unified under an emperor, ushering in two millennia of imperial dynasties.
With the invention of gunpowder and paper, the establishment of the Silk Road, and the Great Wall, Chinese culture flourished and has heavily influenced its neighbors and lands further afield.
China began to cede parts of the country in the 19th century, to European powers by a series of unequal treaties.
The 1911 Revolution overthrew the Qing dynasty and the Republic of China (ROC) was established the following year.
The country was unstable and fragmented during the Warlord Era, which ended upon the Northern Expedition conducted by the Kuomintang (KMT) to reunify the country.
The Chinese Civil War began in 1927, when KMT forces purged members of the Chinese Communist Party (CCP), who proceeded to engage in fighting against the KMT-led Nationalist government.
Following invasion by the Empire of Japan in 1937, the CCP – under the leadership of Mao Zedong – and KMT formed the Second United Front to fight the Japanese.
The Second Sino-Japanese War ended in a Chinese victory; however, the CCP and the KMT resumed their civil war.
In 1949, the resurgent Communists established control, proclaiming the People's Republic of China and forcing the Nationalist government to retreat to the island of Taiwan.
The country was split, with both sides claiming to be the legitimate government.
Following the implementation of land reforms, attempts by the PRC to realize communism failed: the Great Leap Forward was responsible for the Great Chinese Famine which resulted in millions of deaths, and the Cultural Revolution was a period of turmoil and persecution characterized by Maoist populism.
Following the Sino-Soviet split, the Shanghai Communiqué in 1972 would precipitate the normalization of relations with the United States.
Economic reforms that began in 1978 moved the country away from a socialist planned economy towards a market-based economy, spurring significant economic growth.
A movement for increased democracy and liberalization stalled after the 1989 Tiananmen Square protests and massacre.
China is a unitary communist state led by the CCP that self-designates as a socialist state.
It is one of the five permanent members of the UN Security Council.
It is a founding member of multilateral and regional organizations such as the AIIB, the Silk Road Fund, the New Development Bank, and the RCEP.
It is a member of BRICS, the G20, APEC, the SCO, and the East Asia Summit.
Making up around one-fifth of the world economy, the Chinese economy is the world's largest by PPP-adjusted GDP.
China is the second-wealthiest country, albeit ranking poorly in measures of democracy and human rights.
The country has been one of the fastest-growing economies and is the world's largest manufacturer and exporter, as well as the second-largest importer.
China is a nuclear-weapon state with the world's largest standing army and the second-largest defense budget.
It is described as either a potential or established superpower, due to its influence in the fields of geopolitics, technology, manufacturing, economics and culture.
China is known for its cuisine and culture.
It is a megadiverse country, and has 60 UNESCO World Heritage Sites.
== Etymology ==  The word "China" has been used in English since the 16th century; however, it was not used by the Chinese themselves during this period.
Its origin has been traced through Portuguese, Malay, and Persian back to the Sanskrit word Cīna, used in ancient India.
"China" appears in Richard Eden's 1555 translation of the 1516 journal of the Portuguese explorer Duarte Barbosa.
Barbosa's usage was derived from Persian Chīn (چین), which in turn derived from Sanskrit Cīna (चीन).
The origin of the Sanskrit word is a matter of debate.
Cīna was first used in early Hindu scripture, including the Mahabharata (3rd century BCE–4th century CE) and the Laws of Manu (2nd century BCE–2nd century CE).
In 1655, Martino Martini suggested that the word China is derived ultimately from the name of the Qin dynasty (221–206 BCE).
Although use in Indian sources precedes this dynasty, this derivation is still given in various sources.
Alternative suggestions include the names for Yelang and the Jing or Chu state.
The official name of the modern state is the "People's Republic of China" (simplified Chinese: 中华人民共和国; traditional Chinese: 中華人民共和國; pinyin: Zhōnghuá rénmín gònghéguó).
The shorter form is "China" (中国; 中國; Zhōngguó), from zhōng ('central') and guó ('state'), a term which developed under the Western Zhou dynasty in reference to its royal demesne.
It was used in official documents as an synonym for the state under the Qing.
The name Zhongguo is also translated as 'Middle Kingdom' in English.
China is sometimes referred to as mainland China or "the Mainland" when distinguishing it from the Republic of China or the PRC's Special Administrative Regions.
== History ==   === Prehistory ===  Archaeological evidence suggests that early hominids inhabited China 2.25 million years ago.
The hominid fossils of Peking Man, a Homo erectus who used fire, have been dated to between 680,000 and 780,000 years ago.
The fossilized teeth of Homo sapiens (dated to 125,000–80,000 years ago) have been discovered in Fuyan Cave.
Chinese proto-writing existed in Jiahu around 6600 BCE, at Damaidi around 6000 BCE, Dadiwan from 5800 to 5400 BCE, and Banpo dating from the 5th millennium BCE.
Some scholars have suggested that the Jiahu symbols (7th millennium BCE) constituted the earliest Chinese writing system.
=== Early dynastic rule ===  According to traditional Chinese historiography, the Xia dynasty was established during the late 3rd millennium BCE, marking the beginning of the dynastic cycle that was understood to underpin China's entire political history.
In the modern era, the Xia's historicity came under increasing scrutiny, in part due to the earliest known attestation of the Xia being written millennia after the date given for their collapse.
In 1958, archaeologists discovered sites belonging to the Erlitou culture that existed during the early Bronze Age; they have since been characterized as the remains of the historical Xia, but this conception is often rejected.
The Shang dynasty that traditionally succeeded the Xia is the earliest for which there are both contemporary written records and undisputed archaeological evidence.
The Shang ruled much of the Yellow River valley until the 11th century BCE, with the earliest hard evidence dated c.
1250 BCE but generally assumed to be considerably older, represents the oldest known form of written Chinese, and is the direct ancestor of modern Chinese characters.
The Shang were overthrown by the Zhou, who ruled between the 11th and 5th centuries BCE, though the centralized authority of Son of Heaven was slowly eroded by fengjian lords.
Some principalities eventually emerged from the weakened Zhou and continually waged war with each other during the 300-year Spring and Autumn period.
By the time of the Warring States period of the 5th–3rd centuries BCE, there were seven major powerful states left.
=== Imperial China ===   ==== Qin and Han ====  The Warring States period ended in 221 BCE after the state of Qin conquered the other six states, reunited China and established the dominant order of autocracy.
King Zheng of Qin proclaimed himself the Emperor of the Qin dynasty, becoming the first emperor of a unified China.
He enacted Qin's legalist reforms, notably the standardization of Chinese characters, measurements, road widths, and currency.
His dynasty also conquered the Yue tribes in Guangxi, Guangdong, and Northern Vietnam.
The Qin dynasty lasted only fifteen years, falling soon after the First Emperor's death.
Following widespread revolts during which the imperial library was burned, the Han dynasty emerged to rule China between 206 BCE and 220 CE, creating a cultural identity among its populace still remembered in the ethnonym of the modern Han Chinese.
The Han expanded the empire's territory considerably, with military campaigns reaching Central Asia, Mongolia, Korea, and Yunnan, and the recovery of Guangdong and northern Vietnam from Nanyue.
Han involvement in Central Asia and Sogdia helped establish the land route of the Silk Road, replacing the earlier path over the Himalayas to India.
Han China gradually became the largest economy of the ancient world.
Despite the Han's initial decentralization and the official abandonment of the Qin philosophy of Legalism in favor of Confucianism, Qin's legalist institutions and policies continued to be employed by the Han government and its successors.
==== Three Kingdoms, Jin, Northern and Southern dynasties ==== After the end of the Han dynasty, a period of strife known as Three Kingdoms followed, at the end of which Wei was swiftly overthrown by the Jin dynasty.
The Jin fell to civil war upon the ascension of a developmentally disabled emperor; the Five Barbarians then rebelled and ruled northern China as the Sixteen States.
The Xianbei unified them as the Northern Wei, whose Emperor Xiaowen reversed his predecessors' apartheid policies and enforced a drastic sinification on his subjects.
In the south, the general Liu Yu secured the abdication of the Jin in favor of the Liu Song.
The various successors of these states became known as the Northern and Southern dynasties, with the two areas finally reunited by the Sui in 581.
==== Sui, Tang and Song ==== The Sui restored the Han to power through China, reformed its agriculture, economy and imperial examination system, constructed the Grand Canal, and patronized Buddhism.
However, they fell quickly when their conscription for public works and a failed war in northern Korea provoked widespread unrest.
Under the succeeding Tang and Song dynasties, Chinese economy, technology, and culture entered a golden age.
The Tang dynasty retained control of the Western Regions and the Silk Road, which brought traders to as far as Mesopotamia and the Horn of Africa, and made the capital Chang'an a cosmopolitan urban center.
However, it was devastated and weakened by the An Lushan rebellion in the 8th century.
In 907, the Tang disintegrated completely when the local military governors became ungovernable.
The Song dynasty ended the separatist situation in 960, leading to a balance of power between the Song and the Liao dynasty.
The Song was the first government in world history to issue paper money and the first Chinese polity to establish a permanent navy which was supported by the developed shipbuilding industry along with the sea trade.
Between the 10th and 11th century CE, the population of China doubled to around 100 million people, mostly because of the expansion of rice cultivation in central and southern China, and the production of abundant food surpluses.
The Song dynasty also saw a revival of Confucianism, in response to the growth of Buddhism during the Tang, and a flourishing of philosophy and the arts, as landscape art and porcelain were brought to new levels of complexity.
However, the military weakness of the Song army was observed by the Jin dynasty.
In 1127, Emperor Emeritus Huizong, Emperor Qinzong of Song and the capital Bianjing were captured during the Jin–Song wars.
The remnants of the Song retreated to southern China and reestablished the Song at Jiankang.
==== Yuan, Ming and Qing ====  The Mongol conquest of China began in 1205 with the campaigns against Western Xia by Genghis Khan, who also invaded Jin territories.
In 1271, the Mongol leader Kublai Khan established the Yuan dynasty, which conquered the last remnant of the Song dynasty in 1279.
Before the Mongol invasion, the population of Song China was 120 million citizens; this was reduced to 60 million by the time of the census in 1300.
A peasant named Zhu Yuanzhang overthrew the Yuan in 1368 and founded the Ming dynasty as the Hongwu Emperor.
Under the Ming dynasty, China enjoyed another golden age, developing one of the strongest navies in the world and a rich and prosperous economy amid a flourishing of art and culture.
It was during this period that admiral Zheng He led the Ming treasure voyages throughout the Indian Ocean, reaching as far as East Africa.
In the early Ming dynasty, China's capital was moved from Nanjing to Beijing.
With the budding of capitalism, philosophers such as Wang Yangming critiqued and expanded Neo-Confucianism with concepts of individualism and equality of four occupations.
The scholar-official stratum became a supporting force of industry and commerce in the tax boycott movements, which, together with the famines and defense against Japanese invasions of Korea (1592–1598) and Later Jin incursions led to an exhausted treasury.
In 1644, Beijing was captured by a coalition of peasant rebel forces led by Li Zicheng.
The Chongzhen Emperor committed suicide when the city fell.
The Manchu Qing dynasty, then allied with Ming dynasty general Wu Sangui, overthrew Li's short-lived Shun dynasty and subsequently seized control of Beijing, which became the new capital of the Qing dynasty.
The Qing dynasty, which lasted from 1644 until 1912, was the last imperial dynasty of China.
The Ming-Qing transition (1618–1683) cost 25 million lives, but the Qing appeared to have restored China's imperial power and inaugurated another flowering of the arts.
After the Southern Ming ended, the further conquest of the Dzungar Khanate added Mongolia, Tibet and Xinjiang to the empire.
Meanwhile, China's population growth resumed and shortly began to accelerate.
It is commonly agreed that pre-modern China's population experienced two growth spurts, one during the Northern Song period (960–1127), and other during the Qing period (around 1700–1830).
By the High Qing era China was possibly the most commercialized country in the world, and imperial China experienced a second commercial revolution by the end of the 18th century.
On the other hand, the centralized autocracy was strengthened in part to suppress anti-Qing sentiment with the policy of valuing agriculture and restraining commerce, like the Haijin during the early Qing period and ideological control as represented by the literary inquisition, causing some social and technological stagnation.
=== Fall of the Qing dynasty ===  In the mid-19th century, the Opium Wars with Britain and France forced China to pay compensation, open treaty ports, allow extraterritoriality for foreign nationals, and cede Hong Kong to the British under the 1842 Treaty of Nanking, the first of what have been termed the unequal treaties.
The First Sino-Japanese War (1894–1895) resulted in Qing China's loss of influence in the Korean Peninsula, as well as the cession of Taiwan to Japan.
The Qing dynasty also began experiencing internal unrest in which tens of millions of people died, especially in the White Lotus Rebellion, the failed Taiping Rebellion that ravaged southern China in the 1850s and 1860s and the Dungan Revolt (1862–1877) in the northwest.
The initial success of the Self-Strengthening Movement of the 1860s was frustrated by a series of military defeats in the 1880s and 1890s.
In the 19th century, the great Chinese diaspora began.
Losses due to emigration were added to by conflicts and catastrophes such as the Northern Chinese Famine of 1876–1879, in which between 9 and 13 million people died.
The Guangxu Emperor drafted a reform plan in 1898 to establish a modern constitutional monarchy, but these plans were thwarted by the Empress Dowager Cixi.
The ill-fated anti-foreign Boxer Rebellion of 1899–1901 further weakened the dynasty.
Although Cixi sponsored a program of reforms known as the late Qing reforms, the Xinhai Revolution of 1911–1912 ended the Qing dynasty and established the Republic of China.
Puyi, the last Emperor, abdicated in 1912.
=== Establishment of the Republic and World War II ===  On 1 January 1912, the Republic of China was established, and Sun Yat-sen of the Kuomintang (KMT) was proclaimed provisional president.
In March 1912, the presidency was given to Yuan Shikai, a former Qing general who in 1915 proclaimed himself Emperor of China.
In the face of popular condemnation and opposition from his own Beiyang Army, he was forced to abdicate and re-establish the republic in 1916.
After Yuan Shikai's death in 1916, China was politically fragmented.
Its Beijing-based government was internationally recognized but virtually powerless; regional warlords controlled most of its territory.
During this period, China participated in World War I and saw a far-reaching popular uprising (the May Fourth Movement).
In the late 1920s, the Kuomintang under Chiang Kai-shek was able to reunify the country under its own control with a series of deft military and political maneuverings known collectively as the Northern Expedition.
The Kuomintang moved the nation's capital to Nanjing and implemented "political tutelage", an intermediate stage of political development outlined in Sun Yat-sen's Three Principles of the People program for transforming China into a modern democratic state.
The Kuomintang briefly allied with the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) during the Northern Expedition, though the alliance broke down in 1927 after Chiang violently suppressed the CCP and other leftists in Shanghai, marking the beginning of the Chinese Civil War.
The CCP declared areas of the country as the Chinese Soviet Republic (Jiangxi Soviet) in November 1931 in Ruijin, Jiangxi.
The Jiangxi Soviet was wiped out by the KMT armies in 1934, leading the CCP to initiate the Long March and relocate to Yan'an in Shaanxi.
It would be the base of the communists before major combat in the Chinese Civil War ended in 1949.
In 1931, Japan invaded and occupied Manchuria.
Japan invaded other parts of China in 1937, precipitating the Second Sino-Japanese War (1937–1945), a theater of World War II.
The war forced an uneasy alliance between the Kuomintang and the CCP.
Japanese forces committed numerous war atrocities against the civilian population; as many as 20 million Chinese civilians died.
An estimated 40,000 to 300,000 Chinese were massacred in Nanjing alone during the Japanese occupation.
China, along with the UK, the United States, and the Soviet Union, were recognized as the Allied "Big Four" in the Declaration by United Nations.
Along with the other three great powers, China was one of the four major Allies of World War II, and was later considered one of the primary victors in the war.
After the surrender of Japan in 1945, Taiwan, along with the Penghu, were handed over to Chinese control; however, the validity of this handover is controversial.
=== People's Republic ===  China emerged victorious but war-ravaged and financially drained.
The continued distrust between the Kuomintang and the Communists led to the resumption of civil war.
Constitutional rule was established in 1947, but because of the ongoing unrest, many provisions of the ROC constitution were never implemented in mainland China.
Afterwards, the CCP took control of most of mainland China, and the ROC government retreated offshore to Taiwan.
On 1 October 1949, CCP Chairman Mao Zedong formally proclaimed the People's Republic of China in Tiananmen Square, Beijing.
In 1950, the PRC captured Hainan from the ROC and annexed Tibet.
However, remaining Kuomintang forces continued to wage an insurgency in western China throughout the 1950s.
The CCP consolidated its popularity among the peasants through the Land Reform Movement, which included the state-tolerated executions of between 1 and 2 million landlords by peasants and former tenants.
Though the PRC initially allied closely with the Soviet Union, the relations between the two communist nations gradually deteriorated, leading China to develop an independent industrial system and its own nuclear weapons.
The Chinese population increased from 550 million in 1950 to 900 million in 1974.
The historical consensus is that the policies of the Mao-era significantly reduced poverty.
However, the Great Leap Forward, an idealistic massive industrialization project, resulted in an estimated 15 to 55 million deaths between 1959 and 1961, mostly from starvation.
In 1964, China detonated its first atomic bomb.
In 1966, Mao and his allies launched the Cultural Revolution, sparking a decade of political recrimination and social upheaval that lasted until Mao's death in 1976.
In October 1971, the PRC replaced the ROC in the United Nations, and took its seat as a permanent member of the Security Council.
==== Reforms and contemporary history ====  After Mao's death, the Gang of Four were arrested by Hua Guofeng and held responsible for the Cultural Revolution.
The Cultural Revolution was rebuked, with millions rehabilitated.
Deng Xiaoping took power in 1978, and started the reform and opening up, instituting large-scale political and economic reforms, together with the "Eight Elders", most senior and influential members of the party.
The government loosened its control and the communes were gradually disbanded.
Agricultural collectivization was dismantled and farmlands privatized.
While foreign trade became a major focus, special economic zones (SEZs) were created.
Inefficient state-owned enterprises (SOEs) were restructured and some closed.
This marked China's transition away from planned economy.
China adopted its current constitution on 4 December 1982.
In 1989, there were protests such those in Tiananmen Square, and then throughout the entire nation.
Jiang Zemin was elevated to become the CCP general secretary, becoming the paramount leader.
Jiang continued economic reforms, closing many SOEs and trimming down "iron rice bowl" (life-tenure positions).
China's economy grew sevenfold during this time.
British Hong Kong and Portuguese Macau returned to China in 1997 and 1999, respectively, as special administrative regions under the principle of one country, two systems.
The country joined the World Trade Organization in 2001.At the 16th CCP National Congress in 2002, Hu Jintao succeeded Jiang as the general secretary.
Under Hu, China maintained its high rate of economic growth, overtaking the United Kingdom, France, Germany and Japan to become the world's second-largest economy.
However, the growth also severely impacted the country's resources and environment, and caused major social displacement.
Xi Jinping succeeded Hu as paramount leader at the 18th CCP National Congress in 2012.
Shortly after his ascension to power, Xi launched a vast anti-corruption crackdown, that prosecuted more than 2 million officials by 2022.
During his tenure, Xi has consolidated power unseen since the initiation of economic and political reforms.
== Geography ==  China's landscape is vast and diverse, ranging from the Gobi and Taklamakan Deserts in the arid north to the subtropical forests in the wetter south.
The Himalaya, Karakoram, Pamir and Tian Shan mountain ranges separate China from much of South and Central Asia.
The Yangtze and Yellow Rivers, the third- and sixth-longest in the world, respectively, run from the Tibetan Plateau to the densely populated eastern seaboard.
China's coastline along the Pacific Ocean is 14,500 km (9,000 mi) long and is bounded by the Bohai, Yellow, East China and South China seas.
China connects through the Kazakh border to the Eurasian Steppe.
The territory of China lies between latitudes 18° and 54° N, and longitudes 73° and 135° E.
The geographical center of China is marked by the Center of the Country Monument at 35°50′40.9″N 103°27′7.5″E.
China's landscapes vary significantly across its vast territory.
In the east, along the shores of the Yellow Sea and the East China Sea, there are extensive and densely populated alluvial plains, while on the edges of the Inner Mongolian plateau in the north, broad grasslands predominate.
Southern China is dominated by hills and low mountain ranges, while the central-east hosts the deltas of China's two major rivers, the Yellow River and the Yangtze River.
Other major rivers include the Xi, Mekong, Brahmaputra and Amur.
To the west sit major mountain ranges, most notably the Himalayas.
High plateaus feature among the more arid landscapes of the north, such as the Taklamakan and the Gobi Desert.
The world's highest point, Mount Everest (8,848 m), lies on the Sino-Nepalese border.
The country's lowest point, and the world's third-lowest, is the dried lake bed of Ayding Lake (−154 m) in the Turpan Depression.
Despite spanning the equivalent of five geographical timezones (from UTC+5 to UTC+9), China uses a single national time zone, China Standard Time (UTC+8).
This uniform time policy was adopted in 1949.
=== Climate ===  China's climate is mainly dominated by dry seasons and wet monsoons, which lead to pronounced temperature differences between winter and summer.
In the winter, northern winds coming from high-latitude areas are cold and dry; in summer, southern winds from coastal areas at lower latitudes are warm and moist.
A major environmental issue in China is the continued expansion of its deserts, particularly the Gobi Desert.
Although barrier tree lines planted since the 1970s have reduced the frequency of sandstorms, prolonged drought and poor agricultural practices have resulted in dust storms plaguing northern China each spring, which then spread to other parts of East Asia, including Japan and Korea.
Water quality, erosion, and pollution control have become important issues in China's relations with other countries.
Melting glaciers in the Himalayas could potentially lead to water shortages for hundreds of millions of people.
According to academics, in order to limit climate change in China to 1.5 °C (2.7 °F) electricity generation from coal in China without carbon capture must be phased out by 2045.
With current policies, the GHG emissions of China will probably peak in 2025, and by 2030 they will return to 2022 levels.
However, such pathway still leads to three-degree temperature rise.
Official government statistics about Chinese agricultural productivity are considered unreliable, due to exaggeration of production at subsidiary government levels.
Much of China has a climate very suitable for agriculture and the country has been the world's largest producer of rice, wheat, tomatoes, eggplant, grapes, watermelon, spinach, and many other crops.
In 2021, 12 percent of global permanent meadows and pastures belonged to China, as well as 8% of global cropland.
=== Biodiversity ===  China is one of 17 megadiverse countries, lying in two of the world's major biogeographic realms: the Palearctic and the Indomalayan.
By one measure, China has over 34,687 species of animals and vascular plants, making it the third-most biodiverse country in the world, after Brazil and Colombia.
The country is a party to the Convention on Biological Diversity; its National Biodiversity Strategy and Action Plan was received by the convention in 2010.
China is home to at least 551 species of mammals (the third-highest in the world), 1,221 species of birds (eighth), 424 species of reptiles (seventh) and 333 species of amphibians (seventh).
Wildlife in China shares habitat with, and bears acute pressure from, one of the world's largest population of humans.
At least 840 animal species are threatened, vulnerable or in danger of local extinction, due mainly to human activity such as habitat destruction, pollution and poaching for food, fur and traditional Chinese medicine.
Endangered wildlife is protected by law, and as of 2005, the country has over 2,349 nature reserves, covering a total area of 149.95 million hectares, 15 percent of China's total land area.
Most wild animals have been eliminated from the core agricultural regions of east and central China, but they have fared better in the mountainous south and west.
The Baiji was confirmed extinct on 12 December 2006.
China has over 32,000 species of vascular plants, and is home to a variety of forest types.
Cold coniferous forests predominate in the north of the country, supporting animal species such as moose and Asian black bear, along with over 120 bird species.
The understory of moist conifer forests may contain thickets of bamboo.
In higher montane stands of juniper and yew, the bamboo is replaced by rhododendrons.
Subtropical forests, which are predominate in central and southern China, support a high density of plant species including numerous rare endemics.
Tropical and seasonal rainforests, though confined to Yunnan and Hainan, contain a quarter of all the animal and plant species found in China.
China has over 10,000 recorded species of fungi.
=== Environment ===  In the early 2000s, China has suffered from environmental deterioration and pollution due to its rapid pace of industrialization.
Regulations such as the 1979 Environmental Protection Law are fairly stringent, though they are poorly enforced, frequently disregarded in favor of rapid economic development.
China has the second-highest death toll because of air pollution, after India, with approximately 1 million deaths.
Although China ranks as the highest CO2 emitting country, it only emits 8 tons of CO2 per capita, significantly lower than developed countries such as the United States (16.1), Australia (16.8) and South Korea (13.6).
Greenhouse gas emissions by China are the world's largest.
The country has significant water pollution problems; only 89.4% of China's national surface water was graded suitable for human consumption by the Ministry of Ecology and Environment in 2023.
China has prioritized clamping down on pollution, bringing a significant decrease in air pollution in the 2010s.
In 2020, the Chinese government announced its aims for the country to reach its peak emissions levels before 2030, and achieve carbon neutrality by 2060 in line with the Paris Agreement, which, according to Climate Action Tracker, would lower the expected rise in global temperature by 0.2–0.3 degrees – "the biggest single reduction ever estimated by the Climate Action Tracker".
According to China's government, the forest coverage of the country grew from 10% of the overall territory in 1949 to 25% in 2024.
China is the world's leading investor in renewable energy and its commercialization, with $546 billion invested in 2022; it the world's leading manufacturer of renewable energy technologies and invests heavily in local-scale renewable energy projects.
Long heavily relying on non-renewable energy sources such as coal, China's adaptation of renewable energy has increased significantly in recent years.
In 2024, 58.2% of China's electricity came from coal (largest producer in the world), 13.5% from hydroelectric power (largest), 9.8% from wind (largest), 8.3% from solar energy (largest), 4.4% from nuclear energy (second-largest), 3% from natural gas (fifth-largest), and 2.1% from bioenergy (largest); in total, 38% of China's energy came from clean energy sources.
Despite its emphasis on renewables, China remains deeply connected to global oil markets and next to India, has been the largest importer of Russian crude oil in 2022.
=== Political geography ===  China is the third-largest country in the world by land area after Russia, and the third- or fourth-largest country in the world by total area.
China's total area is generally stated as being approximately 9,600,000 km2 (3,700,000 sq mi).
Specific area figures range from 9,572,900 km2 (3,696,100 sq mi) according to the Encyclopædia Britannica, to 9,596,961 km2 (3,705,407 sq mi) according to the UN Demographic Yearbook, and The World Factbook.
China has the longest combined land border in the world, measuring 22,117 km (13,743 mi) and its coastline covers approximately 14,500 km (9,000 mi) from the mouth of the Yalu River (Amnok River) to the Gulf of Tonkin.
China borders 14 nations and covers the bulk of East Asia, bordering Vietnam, Laos, and Myanmar in Southeast Asia; India, Bhutan, Nepal, Pakistan and Afghanistan in South Asia; Tajikistan, Kyrgyzstan and Kazakhstan in Central Asia; and Russia, Mongolia, and North Korea in Inner Asia and Northeast Asia.
It is narrowly separated from Bangladesh and Thailand to the southwest and south, and has several maritime neighbors such as Japan, Philippines, Malaysia, and Indonesia.
China has resolved its land borders with 12 out of 14 neighboring countries, having pursued substantial compromises in most of them.
China currently has a disputed land border with India and Bhutan.
China is additionally involved in maritime disputes with multiple countries over territory in the East and South China Seas, such as the Senkaku Islands and the entirety of South China Sea Islands.
== Government and politics ==  The People's Republic of China is a communist state governed by the Chinese Communist Party (CCP).
The CCP describes itself as guided by socialism with Chinese characteristics, which is Marxism adapted to Chinese circumstances.
The Chinese constitution states that the PRC "is a socialist state governed by a people's democratic dictatorship that is led by the working class and based on an alliance of workers and peasants"; that the state institutions "shall practice the principle of democratic centralism"; and that "the defining feature of socialism with Chinese characteristics is the leadership of the Chinese Communist Party." The PRC officially characterizes itself as a democracy—more specifically, a whole-process people's democracy.
However, the country is commonly described as an authoritarian one-party state and a dictatorship, with some of the world's heaviest restrictions in many civil areas, most notably against freedom of the press, freedom of assembly, free formation of social organizations, freedom of religion and free access to the Internet.
China has consistently been ranked amongst the lowest as an "authoritarian regime" by the Economist Intelligence Unit's Democracy Index, ranking at 145th out of 167 countries in 2024.
Other sources suggest that terming China as "authoritarian" does not sufficiently account for the multiple consultation mechanisms that exist in the Chinese governmental system.
=== Chinese Communist Party ===  According to the CCP constitution, its highest body is the National Congress held every five years.
The National Congress elects the Central Committee, who then elects the party's Politburo, Politburo Standing Committee and the general secretary (party leader), the top leadership of the country.
The general secretary holds ultimate power and authority over party and state and serves as the informal paramount leader.
The current general secretary is Xi Jinping, who took office on 15 November 2012.
At the local level, the secretary of the CCP committee of a subdivision outranks the local government level; CCP committee secretary of a provincial division outranks the governor while the CCP committee secretary of a city outranks the mayor.
=== Government ===  The government in China is under the sole control of the CCP.
The CCP controls appointments in government bodies, with most senior government officials being CCP members.
The National People's Congress (NPC), with nearly 3,000-members, as the highest organ of state power holds the unified powers of the state, though observers often describe it as a "rubber stamp" body.
The NPC meets annually, while the NPC Standing Committee, around 150 members elected from NPC delegates, meets every couple of months.
Elections are indirect and not pluralistic, with nominations at all levels being controlled by the CCP.
The NPC is dominated by the CCP, with another eight minor parties having nominal representation under the condition of upholding CCP leadership.
The presidency is the ceremonial state representative, not the constitutional head of state.
The incumbent president is Xi Jinping, who is also the general secretary of the CCP and the chairman of the Central Military Commission, making him China's paramount leader and supreme commander of the Armed Forces.
The premier is the head of government, with Li Qiang being the incumbent.
The premier is officially nominated by the president and then elected by the NPC, and has generally been either the second- or third-ranking member of the Politburo Standing Committee (PSC).
The premier presides over the State Council, China's cabinet, composed of four vice premiers, state councillors, and the heads of ministries and commissions.
The Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC) is a political advisory body that is critical in China's "united front" system, which aims to gather non-CCP voices to support the CCP.
Similar to the people's congresses, CPPCCs have subdivisions; the National Committee of the CPPCC is chaired by Wang Huning, the fourth-ranking member of the PSC.
The governance of China is characterized by a high degree of political centralization but significant economic decentralization.
Policy instruments or processes are often tested locally before being applied more widely, resulting in a policy that involves experimentation and feedback.
Generally, central government leadership refrains from drafting specific policies, instead using the informal networks and site visits to affirm or suggest changes to the direction of local policy experiments or pilot programs.
The typical approach is that central government leadership begins drafting formal policies, law, or regulations after policy has been developed at local levels.
=== Administrative divisions ===  The PRC is constitutionally a unitary state divided into 23 provinces, five autonomous regions (each with a designated minority group), four direct-administered municipalities—collectively referred to as "mainland China"—as well as the special administrative regions (SARs) of Hong Kong and Macau.
The PRC regards the island of Taiwan as its Taiwan Province, Kinmen and Matsu as a part of Fujian Province, and islands the ROC controls in the South China Sea as a part of Hainan Province and Guangdong Province, even though all these territories are governed by the Republic of China (ROC).
Geographically, all 31 provincial divisions of mainland China can be grouped into six regions: North China, East China, Southwestern China, South Central China, Northeast China, and Northwestern China.
=== Foreign relations ===  The PRC has diplomatic relations with 179 United Nations member-states and maintains embassies in 174.
As of 2024, China has one of the largest diplomatic networks of any country in the world.
In 1971, the PRC replaced the ROC as the sole representative of China in the United Nations and as one of the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council.
It is a member of intergovernmental organizations including the G20, the SCO, the BRICS, the East Asia Summit, and the APEC.
China is also a former member and leader of the Non-Aligned Movement and still considers itself an advocate for developing countries.
The PRC officially maintains the one China principle: the view that there is only one sovereign state with the name "China"—represented by the PRC—and that Taiwan is part of that China.
The unique status of Taiwan has led to countries formally recognizing the PRC to maintain unique "one China policies" that differ from each other; some countries explicitly recognize the PRC's claim over Taiwan, while others, including the U.S.
Chinese officials have protested on numerous occasions when foreign countries have made diplomatic overtures to Taiwan, especially in the matter of armament sales.
Most countries have switched recognition from the ROC to the PRC since the latter replaced the former in the UN in 1971.
Much of current Chinese foreign policy is reportedly based on Premier Zhou Enlai's Five Principles of Peaceful Coexistence, as well as by the concept of "harmony without uniformity", which encourages diplomatic relations between states despite ideological differences.
This policy may have led China to support or maintain close ties with states that are regarded as dangerous and repressive by Western nations, such as Sudan, North Korea and Iran.
China's close relationship with Myanmar has involved support for its ruling governments as well as for its ethnic rebel groups, including the Arakan Army.
China has a close political, economic and military relationship with Russia, and the two states often vote in unison in the UN Security Council.
China provided Russia with economic and diplomatic support during the Russian invasion of Ukraine.
China's relationship with the United States is complex, and includes deep trade ties but significant political differences.
Since the early 2000s, China has followed a policy of engaging with African nations for trade and bilateral co-operation.
It maintains extensive and highly diversified trade links with the European Union, and became its largest trading partner for goods.
China is increasing its influence in Central Asia and South Pacific.
The country has strong trade ties with ASEAN countries and major South American economies, and is the largest trading partner of Brazil, Chile, Peru, Uruguay, Argentina, and several others.
In 2013, China initiated the Belt and Road Initiative (BRI), a large global infrastructure building initiative with funding on the order of $50–100 billion per year.
BRI could be one of the largest development plans in modern history.
It expanded significantly over the next six years and, as of April 2020, included 138 countries and 30 international organizations.
In addition to intensifying foreign policy relations, the focus is particularly on building efficient transport routes, especially the maritime Silk Road with its connections to East Africa and Europe.
However many loans made under the program are unsustainable and China has faced a number of calls for debt relief from debtor nations.
=== Military ===  The People's Liberation Army (PLA) is considered one of the world's most powerful militaries and has rapidly modernized in the recent decades.
Since 2024, it consists of four services: the Ground Force (PLAGF), the Navy (PLAN), the Air Force (PLAAF) and the Rocket Force (PLARF).
It also has four independent arms: the Aerospace Force, the Cyberspace Force, the Information Support Force, and the Joint Logistics Support Force, the first three of which were split from the disbanded Strategic Support Force (PLASSF).
Its nearly 2.2 million active duty personnel is the largest in the world.
The PLA holds the world's third-largest stockpile of nuclear weapons, and the world's second-largest navy by tonnage.
China's official military budget for 2024 totalled US$229 billion (1.67 trillion Yuan), the second-largest in the world, though SIPRI estimates that its real expenditure that year was US$314 billion, making up 12% of global military spending and accounting for 1.7% of the country's GDP.
According to SIPRI, its military spending from 2012 to 2021 averaged US$215 billion per year or 1.7 per cent of GDP, behind only the United States at US$734 billion per year or 3.6 per cent of GDP.
The PLA is commanded by the Central Military Commission (CMC) of the party and the state; though officially two separate organizations, the two CMCs have identical membership except during leadership transition periods and effectively function as one organization.
The chairman of the CMC is the commander-in-chief of the PLA.
=== Sociopolitical issues and human rights === The situation of human rights in China has attracted significant criticism from foreign governments, foreign press agencies, and non-governmental organizations, alleging widespread civil rights violations such as detention without trial, forced confessions, torture, restrictions of fundamental rights, and excessive use of the death penalty.
Since its inception, Freedom House has ranked China as "not free" in its Freedom in the World survey, while Amnesty International has documented significant human rights abuses.
The Chinese constitution states that the "fundamental rights" of citizens include freedom of speech, freedom of the press, the right to a fair trial, freedom of religion, universal suffrage, and property rights.
However, in practice, these provisions do not afford significant protection against criminal prosecution by the state.
China has limited protections regarding LGBT rights.
Although some criticisms of government policies and the ruling CCP are tolerated, censorship of political speech and information are amongst the harshest in the world and routinely used to prevent collective action.
China has the most comprehensive and sophisticated Internet censorship regime in the world called the Great Firewall, with numerous websites being blocked.
The government suppresses popular protests and demonstrations that it considers a potential threat to "social stability".
China additionally uses a massive surveillance network of cameras, facial recognition software, sensors, and surveillance of personal technology as a means of social control of persons living in the country.
China is regularly accused of large-scale repression and human rights abuses in Tibet and Xinjiang, where significant numbers of ethnic minorities reside, including violent police crackdowns and religious suppression.
Since 2017, the Chinese government has been engaged in a harsh crackdown in Xinjiang, with around one million Uyghurs and other ethnic and religion minorities being detained in internment camps aimed at changing the political thinking of detainees, their identities, and their religious beliefs.
According to Western reports, political indoctrination, torture, physical and psychological abuse, forced sterilization, sexual abuse, and forced labor are common in these facilities.
According to a 2020 Foreign Policy report, China's treatment of Uyghurs meets the UN definition of genocide, while a separate UN Human Rights Office report said they could potentially meet the definitions for crimes against humanity.
The Chinese authorities have also cracked down on dissent in Hong Kong, especially after the passage of a national security law in 2020.
In 2017 and 2020, the Pew Research Center ranked the severity of Chinese government restrictions on religion as being among the world's highest, despite ranking religious-related social hostilities in China as low in severity.
The Global Slavery Index estimated that in 2016 more than 3.8 million people (0.25% of the population) were living in "conditions of modern slavery", including victims of human trafficking, forced labor, forced marriage, child labor, and state-imposed forced labor.
The state-imposed re-education through labor (laojiao) system was formally abolished in 2013, but it is not clear to what extent its practices have stopped.
The much larger reform through labor (laogai) system includes labor prison factories, detention centers, and re-education camps; the Laogai Research Foundation has estimated in June 2008 that there were nearly 1,422 of these facilities, though it cautioned that this number was likely an underestimate.
=== Public views of government === Political concerns in China include the growing gap between rich and poor and government corruption.
Nonetheless, international surveys show the Chinese public have a high level of satisfaction with their government.
These views are generally attributed to the material comforts and security available to large segments of the Chinese populace as well as the government's attentiveness and responsiveness.
According to the World Values Survey (2022), 91% of Chinese respondents have significant confidence in their government.
A Harvard University survey published in July 2020 found that citizen satisfaction with the government had increased since 2003, also rating China's government as more effective and capable than ever in the survey's history.
== Economy ==  China has the world's second-largest economy in terms of nominal GDP, and the world's largest in terms of purchasing power parity (PPP).
As of 2022, China accounts for around 18% of the global economy by nominal GDP.
China is one of the world's fastest-growing major economies, with its economic growth having been almost consistently above 6 percent since the introduction of the reform and opening up policy in 1978.
According to the World Bank, China's GDP grew from $150 billion in 1978 to $17.96 trillion by 2022.
It ranks 64th by nominal GDP per capita, making it an upper-middle income country.
Of the world's 500 largest companies, 135 are headquartered in China.
As of at least 2024, China has the world's second-largest equity markets and futures markets, as well as the third-largest bond market.
China was one of the world's foremost economic powers throughout the arc of East Asian and global history.
The country had one of the largest economies in the world for most of the past two millennia, during which it has seen cycles of prosperity and decline.
Since economic reforms began in 1978, China has developed into a highly diversified economy and one of the most consequential players in international trade.
Major sectors of competitive strength include manufacturing, retail, mining, steel, textiles, automobiles, energy generation, green energy, banking, electronics, telecommunications, real estate, e-commerce, and tourism.
China has three out of the ten largest stock exchanges in the world—Shanghai, Hong Kong and Shenzhen—that together have a market capitalization of over $15.9 trillion, as of October 2020.
China has three out of the world's ten most competitive financial centers according to the 2024 Global Financial Centres Index—Shanghai, Hong Kong, and Shenzhen.
Modern-day China is often described as an example of state capitalism or party-state capitalism.
The state dominates in strategic "pillar" sectors such as energy production and heavy industries, but private enterprise has expanded enormously, with around 30 million private businesses recorded in 2008.
According to official statistics, privately owned companies constitute more than 60% of China's GDP.
China has been the world's largest manufacturing nation since 2010, after overtaking the U.S., which had been the largest for the previous hundred years.
China has also been the second-largest in high-tech manufacturing country since 2012, according to US National Science Foundation.
China is the second-largest retail market after the United States.
China leads the world in e-commerce, accounting for over 37% of the global market share in 2021.
The Chinese automotive industry is regarded as one of the most competitive and innovative in the world.
China is the world's leader in electric vehicle consumption and production, manufacturing and buying half of all the plug-in electric cars (BEV and PHEV) in the world as of 2022.
China is also the leading producer of batteries for electric vehicles as well as several key raw materials for batteries.
=== Tourism ===  China received 65.7 million international visitors in 2019, and in 2018 was the fourth-most-visited country in the world.
It also experiences an enormous volume of domestic tourism; Chinese tourists made an estimated 6 billion travels within the country in 2019.
China hosts the world's second-largest number of World Heritage Sites (60) after Italy, and is one of the most popular tourist destinations (first in the Asia-Pacific).
=== Wealth ===  China accounted for 18.6% of the world's total wealth in 2022, second highest in the world after the U.S.
China brought more people out of extreme poverty than any other country in history—between 1978 and 2018, China reduced extreme poverty by 800 million.
From 1990 to 2018, the proportion of the Chinese population living with an income of less than $1.90 per day (2011 PPP) decreased from 66.3% to 0.3%, the share living with an income of less than $3.20 per day from 90.0% to 2.9%, and the share living with an income of less than $5.50 per day decreased from 98.3% to 17.0%.
From 1978 to 2018, the average standard of living multiplied by a factor of twenty-six.
Wages in China have grown significantly in the last 40 years—real (inflation-adjusted) wages grew seven-fold from 1978 to 2007.
Per capita incomes have also risen significantly – when the PRC was founded in 1949, per capita income in China was one-fifth of the world average; per capita incomes now equal the world average itself.
China's development is highly uneven; its major cities and coastal areas are far more prosperous than its rural and interior regions.
It has a high level of economic inequality, which has increased quickly since the economic reforms.
Income inequality decreased in the 2010s, and China's Gini coefficient was 0.357 in 2021.
In March 2024, China ranked second in the world, after the U.S., in total number of billionaires and total number of millionaires, with 473 Chinese billionaires and 6.2 million millionaires.
as the home to the highest number of people who have a net personal wealth of at least $110,000, according to the global wealth report by Credit Suisse.
China had 85 female billionaires as of January 2021, two-thirds of the global total.
China has had the world's largest middle-class population since 2015; the middle-class grew to 500 million by 2024.
=== China in the global economy === China has been a member of the WTO since 2001 and is the world's largest trading power.
By 2016, China was the largest trading partner of 124 countries.
China became the world's largest trading nation in 2013 by the sum of imports and exports, as well as the world's largest commodity importer, accounting for roughly 45% of maritime's dry-bulk market.
China's foreign exchange reserves reached US$3.246 trillion as of March 2024, making its reserves by far the world's largest.
In 2022, China was amongst the world's largest recipient of inward foreign direct investment (FDI), attracting $180 billion, though most of these were speculated to be from Hong Kong.
In 2021, China's foreign exchange remittances were $US53 billion making it the second-largest recipient of remittances in the world.
China also invests abroad, with a total outward FDI of $147.9 billion in 2023, and a number of major takeovers of foreign firms by Chinese companies.
Economists have argued that the renminbi is undervalued, due to currency intervention from the Chinese government, giving China an unfair trade advantage.
China has also been widely criticized for manufacturing large quantities of counterfeit goods.
government has also alleged that China does not respect intellectual property (IP) rights and steals IP through espionage operations.
In 2023, Harvard University's Economic Complexity Index ranked complexity of China's exports 16th in the world, up from 24th in 2010.
The Chinese government has promoted the internationalization of the renminbi in order to wean itself off its dependence on the U.S.
dollar as a result of perceived weaknesses of the international monetary system.
The renminbi is a component of the IMF's special drawing rights and the world's fourth-most traded currency as of 2023.
However, partly due to capital controls that make the renminbi fall short of being a fully convertible currency, it remains far behind the Euro, the U.S.
Dollar and the Japanese Yen in international trade volumes.
=== Science and technology ===   ==== Historical ====  China was a world leader in science and technology until the Ming dynasty.
Ancient and medieval Chinese discoveries and inventions, such as papermaking, printing, the compass, and gunpowder (the Four Great Inventions), became widespread across East Asia, the Middle East and later Europe.
Chinese mathematicians were the first to use negative numbers.
By the 17th century, the Western World surpassed China in scientific and technological advancement.
The causes of this early modern Great Divergence continue to be debated by scholars.
After repeated military defeats by the European colonial powers and Imperial Japan in the 19th century, Chinese reformers began promoting modern science and technology as part of the Self-Strengthening Movement.
After the Communists came to power in 1949, efforts were made to organize science and technology based on the model of the Soviet Union, in which scientific research was part of central planning.
After Mao's death in 1976, science and technology were promoted as one of the Four Modernizations, and the Soviet-inspired academic system was gradually reformed.
==== Modern era ==== Since the end of the Cultural Revolution, China has made significant investments in scientific research and is quickly catching up with the U.S.
China officially spent around 2.7% of its GDP on R&D in 2024, totaling to around $496 billion.
According to the World Intellectual Property Indicators, China received more applications than the U.S.
did in 2018 and 2019 and ranked first globally in patents, utility models, trademarks, industrial designs, and creative goods exports in 2021.
It was ranked 10th in the Global Innovation Index in 2025, a considerable improvement from its rank of 35th in 2013.
Chinese supercomputers are ranked among the fastest in the world.
Its efforts to develop the most advanced semiconductors and jet engines have seen delays and setbacks.
China is developing its education system with an emphasis on science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM).
Its academic publication apparatus became the world's largest publisher of scientific papers in 2016.
In 2022, China overtook the US in the Nature Index, which measures the share of published articles in leading scientific journals.
===== Space program =====  The Chinese space program started in 1958 with some technology transfers from the Soviet Union.
However, it did not launch the nation's first satellite until 1970 with the Dong Fang Hong I, which made China the fifth country to do so independently.
In 2003, China became the third country in the world to independently send humans into space with Yang Liwei's spaceflight aboard Shenzhou 5.
As of 2023, eighteen Chinese nationals have journeyed into space, including two women.
In 2011, China launched its first space station testbed, Tiangong-1.
In 2013, a Chinese robotic rover Yutu successfully touched down on the lunar surface as part of the Chang'e 3 mission.
In 2019, China became the first country to land a probe—Chang'e 4—on the far side of the Moon.
In 2020, Chang'e 5 successfully returned Moon samples to the Earth, making China the third country to do so independently.
In 2021, China became the third country to land a spacecraft on Mars and the second one to deploy a rover (Zhurong) on Mars.
China completed its own modular space station, the Tiangong, in low Earth orbit on 3 November 2022.
On 29 November 2022, China performed its first in-orbit crew handover aboard the Tiangong.
In May 2023, China announced a plan to land humans on the Moon by 2030.
To that end, China has been developing a lunar-capable super-heavy launcher, the Long March 10, a new crewed spacecraft, and a crewed lunar lander.
China sent Chang'e 6 on 3 May 2024, which conducted the first lunar sample return from Apollo Basin on the far side of the Moon.
This is China's second lunar sample return mission, the first was achieved by Chang'e 5 from the lunar near side 4 years ago.
It also carried a Chinese rover called Jinchan to conduct infrared spectroscopy of lunar surface and imaged Chang'e 6 lander on lunar surface.
== Infrastructure == After a decades-long infrastructural boom, China has produced numerous world-leading infrastructural projects: it has the largest high-speed rail network, the most supertall skyscrapers, the largest power plant (the Three Gorges Dam), the most extensive ultra-high-voltage transmission network and innovation infrastructure, and a global satellite navigation system with the largest number of satellites.
=== Telecommunications ===  China is the largest telecom market in the world and currently has the largest number of active cellphones of any country, with over 1.7 billion subscribers, as of February 2023.
It has the largest number of internet and broadband users, with over 1.1 billion Internet users as of December 2024—equivalent to around 78.6% of its population.
By 2018, China had more than 1 billion 4G users, accounting for 40% of world's total.
China is making rapid advances in 5G—by late 2018, China had started large-scale and commercial 5G trials.
As of December 2023, China had over 810 million 5G users and 3.38 million base stations installed.
China requires a real-name system for Internet services and online platforms.
China Mobile, China Unicom and China Telecom, are the three large providers of mobile and internet in China.
China Telecom alone served more than 145 million broadband subscribers and 300 million mobile users; China Unicom had about 300 million subscribers; and China Mobile, the largest of them all, had 925 million users, as of 2018.
Combined, the three operators had over 3.4 million 4G base-stations in China.
Several Chinese telecommunications companies, most notably Huawei and ZTE, have been accused of spying for the Chinese military.
China has developed its own satellite navigation system, dubbed BeiDou, which began offering commercial navigation services across Asia in 2012 as well as global services by the end of 2018.
Beidou followed GPS and GLONASS as the third completed global navigation satellite.
=== Transport ===  Since the late 1990s, China's national road network has been significantly expanded through the creation of a network of national highways and expressways.
In 2022, China's highways had reached a total length of 177,000 km (110,000 mi), making it the longest highway system in the world.
China has the world's largest market for automobiles, having surpassed the United States in both auto sales and production.
The country is the world's largest exporter of cars by number as of 2023.
A side-effect of the rapid growth of China's road network has been a significant rise in traffic accidents.
In urban areas, bicycles remain a common mode of transport, despite the increasing prevalence of automobiles – as of 2023, there are approximately 200 million bicycles in China.
China's railways, which are operated by the state-owned China State Railway Group Company, are among the busiest in the world, handling a quarter of the world's rail traffic volume on only 6 percent of the world's tracks in 2006.
As of 2023, the country had 159,000 km (98,798 mi) of railways, the second-longest network in the world.
The railways strain to meet enormous demand particularly during the Chinese New Year holiday, when the world's largest annual human migration takes place.
China's high-speed rail (HSR) system started construction in the early 2000s.
By the end of 2024, high speed rail in China had reached 48,000 kilometers (29,826 miles) of dedicated lines alone, making it the longest HSR network in the world.
Services on the Beijing–Shanghai, Beijing–Tianjin, and Chengdu–Chongqing lines reach up to 350 km/h (217 mph), making them the fastest conventional high speed railway services in the world.
With an annual ridership of over 3.3 billion passengers in 2024, it is the world's busiest.
The network includes the Beijing–Guangzhou high-speed railway, the single longest HSR line in the world, and the Beijing–Shanghai high-speed railway, which has three of longest railroad bridges in the world.
The Shanghai maglev train, which reaches 431 km/h (268 mph), is the fastest commercial train service in the world.
Since 2000, the growth of rapid transit systems in Chinese cities has accelerated.
As of December 2023, 55 Chinese cities have urban mass transit systems in operation.
As of 2020, China boasts the five longest metro systems in the world with the networks in Shanghai, Beijing, Guangzhou, Chengdu and Shenzhen being the largest.
The civil aviation industry in China is mostly state-dominated, with the Chinese government retaining a majority stake in the majority of Chinese airlines.
The top three airlines in China are Air China, China Southern Airlines, and China Eastern Airlines, which collectively made up 71% of the market in 2018, are all state-owned.
Air travel has expanded rapidly in the last decades, with the number of passengers increasing from 16.6 million in 1990 to 551.2 million in 2017.
China had approximately 259 airports in 2024.
China has over 2,000 river and seaports, about 130 of which are open to foreign shipping.
Of the fifty busiest container ports, 18 are located in China, of which the busiest is the Port of Shanghai, also the busiest port in the world.
The country's inland waterways are the world's sixth-longest, and total 27,700 km (17,212 mi).
=== Water supply and sanitation ===  Water supply and sanitation infrastructure in China is facing challenges such as rapid urbanization, as well as water scarcity, contamination, and pollution.
According to the Joint Monitoring Program for Water Supply and Sanitation, 93% of rural households had access to basic sanitation in 2022 (up from 77% in 2015).
The ongoing South–North Water Transfer Project intends to abate water shortage in the north.
== Demographics ==  The 2020 Chinese census recorded the population as approximately 1,411,778,724.
About 17.95% were 14 years old or younger, 63.35% were between 15 and 59 years old, and 18.7% were over 60 years old.
Between 2010 and 2020, the average population growth rate was 0.53%.
Given concerns about population growth, China implemented a two-child limit during the 1970s, and, in 1979, began to advocate for an even stricter limit of one child per family.
Beginning in the mid-1980s, however, given the unpopularity of the strict limits, China began to allow some major exemptions, particularly in rural areas, resulting in what was actually a "1.5"-child policy from the mid-1980s to 2015; ethnic minorities were also exempt from one-child limits.
The next major loosening of the policy was enacted in December 2013, allowing families to have two children if one parent is an only child.
In 2016, the one-child policy was replaced in favor of a two-child policy.
A three-child policy was announced on 31 May 2021, due to population aging, and in July 2021, all family size limits as well as penalties for exceeding them were removed.
In 2023, the total fertility rate was reported to be 1.09, ranking among the lowest in the world.
In 2023, National Bureau of Statistics estimated that the population fell 850,000 from 2021 to 2022, the first decline since 1961.
According to one group of scholars, one-child limits had little effect on population growth or total population size.
However, these scholars have been challenged.
The policy, along with traditional preference for boys, may have contributed to an imbalance in the sex ratio at birth.
The 2020 census found that males accounted for 51.2% of the total population.
However, China's sex ratio is more balanced than it was in 1953, when males accounted for 51.8% of the population.
=== Urbanization ===  China has urbanized significantly in recent decades.
The percent of the country's population living in urban areas increased from 20% in 1980 to over 67% in 2024.
China has over 160 cities with a population of over one million, including the 18 megacities as of 2024 (cities with a population of over 10 million) of Chongqing, Shanghai, Beijing, Chengdu, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Tianjin, Xi'an, Suzhou, Zhengzhou, Wuhan, Hangzhou, Linyi, Shijiazhuang, Dongguan, Qingdao, Changsha and Hefei.
The total permanent population of Chongqing, Shanghai, Beijing and Chengdu is above 20 million.
Shanghai is China's most populous urban area while Chongqing is its largest city proper, the only city in China with a permanent population of over 30 million.
The figures in the table below are from the 2020 census, and are only estimates of the urban populations within administrative city limits; a different ranking exists for total municipal populations.
The large "floating populations" of migrant workers make conducting censuses in urban areas difficult; the figures below include only long-term residents.
=== Ethnic groups ===  China legally recognizes 56 distinct ethnic groups, who comprise the Zhonghua minzu.
The largest of these nationalities are the Han Chinese, who constitute more than 91% of the total population.
The Han Chinese – the world's largest single ethnic group – outnumber other ethnic groups in every place excluding Tibet, Xinjiang, Linxia, and autonomous prefectures like Xishuangbanna.
Ethnic minorities account for less than 10% of the population of China, according to the 2020 census.
Compared with the 2010 population census, the Han population increased by 60,378,693 persons, or 4.93%, while the population of the 55 national minorities combined increased by 11,675,179 persons, or 10.26%.
The 2020 census recorded a total of 845,697 foreign nationals living in mainland China.
=== Languages ===  There are as many as 292 living languages in China.
The languages most commonly spoken belong to the Sinitic branch of the Sino-Tibetan language family, which contains Mandarin (spoken by 80% of the population), and other varieties of Chinese language: Jin, Wu, Min, Hakka, Yue, Xiang, Gan, Hui, Ping and unclassified Tuhua (Shaozhou Tuhua and Xiangnan Tuhua).
Languages of the Tibeto-Burman branch, including Tibetan, Qiang, Naxi and Yi, are spoken across the Tibetan and Yunnan–Guizhou Plateau.
Other ethnic minority languages in southwestern China include Zhuang, Thai, Dong and Sui of the Tai-Kadai family, Miao and Yao of the Hmong–Mien family, and Wa of the Austroasiatic family.
Across northeastern and northwestern China, local ethnic groups speak Altaic languages including Manchu, Mongolian and several Turkic languages: Uyghur, Kazakh, Kyrgyz, Salar and Western Yugur.
Korean is spoken natively along the border with North Korea.
Sarikoli, the language of Tajiks in western Xinjiang, is an Indo-European language.
Taiwanese indigenous peoples, including a small population on the mainland, speak Austronesian languages.
Standard Chinese, a variety based on the Beijing dialect of Mandarin, is the national language of China, having de facto official status.
It is used as a lingua franca between people of different linguistic backgrounds.
In the autonomous regions of China, other languages may also serve as a lingua franca, such as Uyghur in Xinjiang, where governmental services in Uyghur are constitutionally guaranteed.
=== Religion ===  Freedom of religion is guaranteed by China's constitution, although religious organizations that lack official approval can be subject to state persecution.
The government of the country is officially atheist, and the Chinese Communist Party requires its members to be atheist.
Religious affairs and issues in the country are overseen by the National Religious Affairs Administration, under the CCP's United Front Work Department.
Over the millennia, the Chinese civilization has been influenced by various religious movements.
The "three doctrines" of Confucianism, Taoism, and Buddhism have historically shaped Chinese culture, enriching a theological and spiritual framework of traditional religion which harks back to the early Shang and Zhou dynasty.
Chinese folk religion, which is framed by the three doctrines and by other traditions, consists in allegiance to the shen, who can be deities of the surrounding nature or ancestral principles of human groups, concepts of civility, culture heroes, many of whom feature in Chinese mythology and history.
Amongst the most popular cults of folk religion are those of the Yellow Emperor, embodiment of the God of Heaven and one of the two divine patriarchs of the Chinese people, of Mazu (goddess of the seas), Guandi (god of war and business), Caishen (god of prosperity and richness), Pangu and many others.
In the early decades of the 21st century, the Chinese government has been engaged in a rehabilitation of folk cults—formally recognizing them as "folk beliefs" as distinguished from doctrinal religions, and often reconstructing them into forms of "highly curated" civil religion—as well as in a national and international promotion of Buddhism.
China is home to many of the world's tallest religious statues, representing either deities of Chinese folk religion or enlightened beings of Buddhism; the tallest of all is the Spring Temple Buddha in Henan.
Statistics on religious affiliation in China are difficult to gather due to complex and varying definitions of religion and the diffusive nature of Chinese religious traditions.
Scholars note that in China there is no clear boundary between the three doctrines and local folk religious practices.
Chinese religions or some of their currents are also definable as non-theistic and humanistic, since they do not hold that divine creativity is completely transcendent, but that it is inherent in the world and in particular in the human being.
In 2023, according to surveys done by Pew Research, 93% of respondents were formally unaffiliated with any religion.
However, in terms of practices, 75% visit family graveyards each year, 47% believe in feng shui, 33% believe in buddha, 26% burn incense to deities each year and 18% believe in taoist deities.
These are not exclusive beliefs and often these will overlap as the respondents will have multiple beliefs at the same time.
For example, of those 33% who believe in buddha, a significant portion also believe in figures such as Taoist immortals, Jesus Christ, Catholic God and Allah.
Chinese folk religion also comprises a variety of salvationist doctrinal organized movements which emerged since the Song dynasty.
There are also ethnic minorities in China who maintain their own indigenous religions, while major religions characteristic of specific ethnic groups include Tibetan Buddhism among Tibetans, Mongols and Yugurs, and Islam among the Hui, Uyghur, Kazakh, and Kyrgyz peoples, and other ethnicities in the northern and northwestern regions of the country.
=== Education ===  Compulsory education in China comprises primary and junior secondary school, which together last for nine years from the age of 6 and 15.
The Gaokao, China's national university entrance exam, is a prerequisite for entrance into most higher education institutions.
Vocational education is available to students at the secondary and tertiary level.
More than 10 million Chinese students graduated from vocational colleges every year.
In 2023, about 92.0 percent of students continued their education at a three-year senior secondary school, while 60.8 percent of secondary school graduates were enrolled in higher education.
China has the largest education system in the world, with about 287 million students and 18.85 million full-time teachers in over 470,300 schools in 2023.
Annual education investment went from less than US$50 billion in 2003 to more than US$817 billion in 2020.
However, there remains an inequality in education spending.
In 2010, the annual education expenditure per secondary school student in Beijing totalled ¥20,023, while in Guizhou, one of the poorest provinces, it only totalled ¥3,204.
China's literacy rate has grown dramatically, from only 20% in 1949 and 65.5% in 1979, to 97% of the population over age 15 in 2020.
As of 2024, China has over 3,167 universities, with over 47.6 million students enrolled in mainland China, giving China the largest higher education system in the world.
As of 2025, China had the world's highest number of top universities.
Currently, China trails only the United States and the United Kingdom in terms of representation on lists of the top 200 universities according to the 2024 Aggregate Ranking of Top Universities, a composite ranking system of three world-most followed university rankings (ARWU+QS+THE).
China had five universities listed among the world's top 50, placing it third after the United States and the United Kingdom based on aggregate performance from four widely observed university rankings (THE+ARWU+QS+US News).
China is home to two of the highest-ranking universities (Tsinghua University and Peking University) in Asia and emerging economies, according to the Times Higher Education World University Rankings and the Academic Ranking of World Universities.
These universities are members of the C9 League, an alliance of elite Chinese universities offering comprehensive and leading education.
=== Health ===  The National Health Commission, together with its counterparts in the local commissions, oversees the health needs of the population.
An emphasis on public health and preventive medicine has characterized Chinese health policy since the early 1950s.
The Communist Party started the Patriotic Health Campaign, which was aimed at improving sanitation and hygiene, as well as treating and preventing several diseases.
Diseases such as cholera, typhoid and scarlet fever, which were previously rife in China, were nearly eradicated by the campaign.
After Deng Xiaoping began instituting economic reforms in 1978, the health of the Chinese public improved rapidly because of better nutrition, although many of the free public health services provided in the countryside disappeared.
Healthcare in China became mostly privatized, and experienced a significant rise in quality.
In 2009, the government began a three-year large-scale healthcare provision initiative worth US$124 billion.
By 2011, the campaign resulted in 95% of China's population having basic health insurance coverage.
By 2022, China had established itself as a key producer and exporter of pharmaceuticals, producing around 40 percent of active pharmaceutical ingredients in 2017.
As of 2024, the life expectancy at birth exceeds 79 years.
As of 2023, the infant mortality rate is 5 per thousand.
Both have improved significantly since the 1950s.
Rates of stunting, a condition caused by malnutrition, have declined from 33.1% in 1990 to 4.5% in 2024.
Despite significant improvements in health and the construction of advanced medical facilities, China has several emerging public health problems, such as respiratory illnesses caused by widespread air pollution, hundreds of millions of cigarette smokers, and an increase in obesity among urban youths.
In 2010, air pollution caused 1.2 million premature deaths in China.
Chinese mental health services are inadequate.
China's large population and densely populated cities have led to serious disease outbreaks, such as SARS in 2003, although this has since been largely contained.
The COVID-19 pandemic was first identified in Wuhan in December 2019; pandemic led the government to enforce strict public health measures intended to completely eradicate the virus, a goal that was eventually abandoned in December 2022 after protests against the policy.
== Culture and society ==  Since ancient times, Chinese culture has been heavily influenced by Confucianism.
Chinese culture, in turn, has heavily influenced East Asia and Southeast Asia.
For much of the country's dynastic era, opportunities for social advancement could be provided by high performance in the prestigious imperial examinations, which have their origins in the Han dynasty.
The literary emphasis of the exams affected the general perception of cultural refinement in China, such as the belief that calligraphy, poetry and painting were higher forms of art than dancing or drama.
Chinese culture has long emphasized a sense of deep history and a largely inward-looking national perspective.
Examinations and a culture of merit remain greatly valued in China today.
Today, the Chinese government has accepted numerous elements of traditional Chinese culture as being integral to Chinese society.
With the rise of Chinese nationalism and the end of the Cultural Revolution, various forms of traditional Chinese art, literature, music, film, fashion and architecture have seen a vigorous revival, and folk and variety art in particular have sparked interest nationally and even worldwide.
Access to foreign media remains heavily restricted.
=== Architecture ===  Chinese architecture has developed over millennia in China and has remained a vestigial source of perennial influence on the development of East Asian architecture, including in Japan, Korea, and Mongolia.
and minor influences on the architecture of Southeast and South Asia including the countries of Malaysia, Singapore, Indonesia, Sri Lanka, Thailand, Laos, Cambodia, Vietnam and the Philippines.
Chinese architecture is characterized by bilateral symmetry, use of enclosed open spaces, feng shui (e.g.
directional hierarchies), a horizontal emphasis, and an allusion to various cosmological, mythological or in general symbolic elements.
Chinese architecture traditionally classifies structures according to type, ranging from pagodas to palaces.
Chinese architecture varies widely based on status or affiliation, such as whether the structures were constructed for emperors, commoners, or for religious purposes.
Other variations in Chinese architecture are shown in vernacular styles associated with different geographic regions and different ethnic heritages, such as the stilt houses in the south, the Yaodong buildings in the northwest, the yurt buildings of nomadic people, and the Siheyuan buildings in the north.
=== Literature ===  Chinese literature has its roots in the Zhou dynasty's literary tradition.
The classical texts of China encompass a wide range of thoughts and subjects, such as the calendar, military, astrology, herbology, and geography, as well as many others.
Among the most significant early works are the I Ching and the Shujing, which are part of the Four Books and Five Classics.
These texts were the cornerstone of the Confucian curriculum sponsored by the state throughout the dynastic periods.
Inherited from the Classic of Poetry, classical Chinese poetry developed to its floruit during the Tang dynasty.
Li Bai and Du Fu opened the forking ways for the poetic circles through romanticism and realism respectively.
Chinese historiography began with the Shiji, the overall scope of the historiographical tradition in China is termed the Twenty-Four Histories, which set a vast stage for Chinese fictions along with Chinese mythology and folklore.
Pushed by a burgeoning citizen class in the Ming dynasty, Chinese classical fiction rose to a boom of the historical, town and gods and demons fictions as represented by the Four Great Classical Novels which include Water Margin, Romance of the Three Kingdoms, Journey to the West and Dream of the Red Chamber.
Along with the wuxia fictions of Jin Yong and Liang Yusheng, it remains an enduring source of popular culture in the Chinese sphere of influence.
In the wake of the New Culture Movement after the end of the Qing dynasty, Chinese literature embarked on a new era with written vernacular Chinese for ordinary citizens.
Hu Shih and Lu Xun were pioneers in modern literature.
Various literary genres, such as misty poetry, scar literature, young adult fiction and the xungen literature, which is influenced by magic realism, emerged following the Cultural Revolution.
Mo Yan, a xungen literature author, was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature in 2012.
=== Music ===  Chinese music covers a highly diverse range of music from traditional music to modern music.
Chinese music dates back before the pre-imperial times.
Traditional Chinese musical instruments were traditionally grouped into eight categories known as bayin (八音).
Traditional Chinese opera is a form of musical theatre in China originating thousands of years and has regional style forms such as Beijing and Cantonese opera.
Chinese pop (C-Pop) includes mandopop and cantopop.
Chinese hip hop and Hong Kong hip hop have become popular.
=== Fashion ===  Hanfu is the historical clothing of the Han people in China.
The qipao or cheongsam is a popular Chinese female dress.
The hanfu movement has been popular in contemporary times and seeks to revitalize Hanfu clothing.
China Fashion Week is the country's only national-level fashion festival.
=== Media ===  The mass media of China primarily consists of television, newspapers, radio, and magazines.
State media outlets operate under the control of the CCP.
The largest media organizations are the People's Daily, Xinhua News Agency, and the China Media Group consisting of China Central Television, China Global Television Network, China National Radio and China Radio International.
Cinema was first introduced to China in 1896 and the first Chinese film, Dingjun Mountain, was released in 1905.
China has had the largest number of movie screens in the world since 2016; China became the largest cinema market in 2020.
The top three highest-grossing films in China as of 2025 were Ne Zha 2 (2025), The Battle at Lake Changjin (2021), and Wolf Warrior 2 (2017).
=== Cuisine ===  Chinese cuisine is highly diverse, drawing on several millennia of culinary history and geographical variety, in which the most influential are known as the "Eight Major Cuisines", including Sichuan, Cantonese, Jiangsu, Shandong, Fujian, Hunan, Anhui, and Zhejiang cuisines.
Chinese cuisine is known for its breadth of cooking methods and ingredients.
China's staple food is rice in the northeast and south, and wheat-based breads and noodles in the north.
Bean products such as tofu and soy milk remain a popular source of protein.
Pork is now the most popular meat in China, accounting for about three-fourths of the country's total meat consumption.
There is also the vegetarian Buddhist cuisine and the pork-free Chinese Islamic cuisine.
Chinese cuisine, due to the area's proximity to the ocean and milder climate, has a wide variety of seafood and vegetables.
Offshoots of Chinese food, such as Hong Kong cuisine and American Chinese cuisine, have emerged in the Chinese diaspora.
=== Sports ===  China has one of the oldest sporting cultures.
There is evidence that archery (shèjiàn) was practiced during the Western Zhou dynasty.
Swordplay (jiànshù) and cuju, a sport loosely related to association football date back to China's early dynasties as well.
Physical fitness is widely emphasized in Chinese culture, with morning exercises such as qigong and tai chi widely practiced, and commercial gyms and private fitness clubs are gaining popularity.
Basketball is the most popular spectator sport in China.
The Chinese Basketball Association and the American National Basketball Association also have a huge national following amongst the Chinese populace, with native-born and NBA-bound Chinese players and well-known national household names such as Yao Ming and Yi Jianlian being held in high esteem.
China's professional football league, known as Chinese Super League, is the largest football market in East Asia.
Other popular sports include martial arts, table tennis, badminton, swimming and snooker.
China is home to a huge number of cyclists, with an estimated 470 million bicycles as of 2012.
China has the world's largest esports market.
Many more traditional sports, such as dragon boat racing, Mongolian-style wrestling and horse racing are also popular.
China has participated in the Olympic Games since 1932, although it has only participated as the PRC since 1952.
China hosted the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, where its athletes received 48 gold medals – the highest number of any participating nation that year.
China also won the most medals at the 2012 Summer Paralympics, with 231 overall, including 95 gold.
In 2011, Shenzhen hosted the 2011 Summer Universiade.
China hosted the 2013 East Asian Games in Tianjin and the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics in Nanjing, the first country to host both regular and Youth Olympics.
Beijing and its nearby city Zhangjiakou collaboratively hosted the 2022 Winter Olympics, making Beijing the first dual Olympic city by holding both the Summer Olympics and the Winter Olympics.
China hosted the Asian Games in 1990 (Beijing), 2010 (Guangzhou), and 2023 (Hangzhou).
== See also ==  Outline of China   == Notes ==   == References ==   == Further reading ==   == External links ==   === Government === The Central People's Government of People's Republic of China (in English)   === General information === China at a Glance from People's Daily China at the Encyclopædia Britannica Country profile – China at BBC News China.
China, People's Republic of (archived 2012) from UCB Libraries GovPubs   === Maps === Google Maps—China  Wikimedia Atlas of the People's Republic of China  Geographic data related to China at OpenStreetMap
Distributed computing is a field of computer science that studies distributed systems, defined as computer systems whose inter-communicating components are located on different networked computers.
The components of a distributed system communicate and coordinate their actions by passing messages to one another in order to achieve a common goal.
Three challenges of distributed systems are: maintaining concurrency of components, overcoming the lack of a global clock, and managing the independent failure of components.
When a component of one system fails, the entire system does not fail.
Examples of distributed systems vary from SOA-based systems to microservices to massively multiplayer online games to peer-to-peer applications.
Distributed systems cost more than monolithic architectures, primarily due to increased needs for additional hardware, servers, gateways, firewalls, new subnets, proxies, and so on.
Distributed systems can also suffer from fallacies of distributed computing.
Conversely, a well-designed distributed system is more scalable, more durable, more changeable, and more fine-tuned than a monolithic application deployed on a single machine.
According to Marc Brooker: "a system is scalable in the range where marginal cost of additional workload is nearly constant." Serverless technologies fit this definition but the total cost of ownership, and not just the infra cost must be considered.
A computer program that runs within a distributed system is called a distributed program, and distributed programming is the process of writing such programs.
There are many types of implementations for the message-passing mechanism, including pure HTTP, RPC-like connectors, and message queues.
Distributed computing also refers to the use of distributed systems to solve computational problems.
In distributed computing, a problem is divided into many tasks, each of which is solved by one or more computers, which communicate with each other via message passing.
== Introduction == The word distributed in terms such as "distributed system", "distributed programming", and "distributed algorithm" originally referred to computer networks where individual computers were physically distributed within some geographical area.
The terms are nowadays used in a much wider sense, even referring to autonomous processes that run on the same physical computer and interact with each other by message passing.
There is no single definition of a distributed system, but two common properties are generally cited:  There are several autonomous computational entities (computers or nodes), each of which has its own local memory.
The entities communicate with each other by message passing.
A distributed system may have a common goal, such as solving a large computational problem; the user then perceives the collection of autonomous processors as a unit.
Alternatively, each computer may have its own user with individual needs, and the purpose of the distributed system is to coordinate the use of shared resources or provide communication services to the users.
Other typical properties of distributed systems are:  The system must tolerate failures in individual computers.
The structure of the system (network topology, network latency, number of computers) is not known in advance.
The system may consist of different kinds of computers and network links.
The system may change during the execution of a distributed program.
Each computer has a limited, incomplete view of the system.
Each computer may know only one part of the input.
== Patterns == Here are common architectural patterns used for distributed computing:  Saga interaction pattern Microservices Event driven architecture   == Events vs.
Messages == In distributed systems, events represent a fact or state change (e.g., OrderPlaced) and are typically broadcast asynchronously to multiple consumers, promoting loose coupling and scalability.
While events generally don't expect an immediate response, acknowledgment mechanisms are often implemented at the infrastructure level (e.g., Kafka commit offsets, SNS delivery statuses) rather than being an inherent part of the event pattern itself.
In contrast, messages serve a broader role, encompassing commands (e.g., ProcessPayment), events (e.g., PaymentProcessed), and documents (e.g., DataPayload).
Both events and messages can support various delivery guarantees, including at-least-once, at-most-once, and exactly-once, depending on the technology stack and implementation.
However, exactly-once delivery is often achieved through idempotency mechanisms rather than true, infrastructure-level exactly-once semantics.
Delivery patterns for both events and messages include publish/subscribe (one-to-many) and point-to-point (one-to-one).
While request/reply is technically possible, it is more commonly associated with messaging patterns rather than pure event-driven systems.
Events excel at state propagation and decoupled notifications, while messages are better suited for command execution, workflow orchestration, and explicit coordination.
Modern architectures commonly combine both approaches, leveraging events for distributed state change notifications and messages for targeted command execution and structured workflows based on specific timing, ordering, and delivery requirements.
== Parallel and distributed computing ==  Distributed systems are groups of networked computers which share a common goal for their work.
The terms "concurrent computing", "parallel computing", and "distributed computing" have much overlap, and no clear distinction exists between them.
The same system may be characterized both as "parallel" and "distributed"; the processors in a typical distributed system run concurrently in parallel.
Parallel computing may be seen as a particularly tightly coupled form of distributed computing, and distributed computing may be seen as a loosely coupled form of parallel computing.
Nevertheless, it is possible to roughly classify concurrent systems as "parallel" or "distributed" using the following criteria:  In parallel computing, all processors may have access to a shared memory to exchange information between processors.
In distributed computing, each processor has its own private memory (distributed memory).
Information is exchanged by passing messages between the processors.
The figure on the right illustrates the difference between distributed and parallel systems.
Figure (a) is a schematic view of a typical distributed system; the system is represented as a network topology in which each node is a computer and each line connecting the nodes is a communication link.
Figure (b) shows the same distributed system in more detail: each computer has its own local memory, and information can be exchanged only by passing messages from one node to another by using the available communication links.
Figure (c) shows a parallel system in which each processor has a direct access to a shared memory.
The situation is further complicated by the traditional uses of the terms parallel and distributed algorithm that do not quite match the above definitions of parallel and distributed systems (see below for more detailed discussion).
Nevertheless, as a rule of thumb, high-performance parallel computation in a shared-memory multiprocessor uses parallel algorithms while the coordination of a large-scale distributed system uses distributed algorithms.
== History == The use of concurrent processes which communicate through message-passing has its roots in operating system architectures studied in the 1960s.
The first widespread distributed systems were local-area networks such as Ethernet, which was invented in the 1970s.
ARPANET, one of the predecessors of the Internet, was introduced in the late 1960s, and ARPANET e-mail was invented in the early 1970s.
E-mail became the most successful application of ARPANET, and it is probably the earliest example of a large-scale distributed application.
In addition to ARPANET (and its successor, the global Internet), other early worldwide computer networks included Usenet and FidoNet from the 1980s, both of which were used to support distributed discussion systems.
The study of distributed computing became its own branch of computer science in the late 1970s and early 1980s.
The first conference in the field, Symposium on Principles of Distributed Computing (PODC), dates back to 1982, and its counterpart International Symposium on Distributed Computing (DISC) was first held in Ottawa in 1985 as the International Workshop on Distributed Algorithms on Graphs.
== Architectures == Various hardware and software architectures are used for distributed computing.
At a lower level, it is necessary to interconnect multiple CPUs with some sort of network, regardless of whether that network is printed onto a circuit board or made up of loosely coupled devices and cables.
At a higher level, it is necessary to interconnect processes running on those CPUs with some sort of communication system.
Whether these CPUs share resources or not determines a first distinction between three types of architecture:  Shared memory Shared disk Shared nothing.
Distributed programming typically falls into one of several basic architectures: client–server, three-tier, n-tier, or peer-to-peer; or categories: loose coupling, or tight coupling.
Client–server: architectures where smart clients contact the server for data then format and display it to the users.
Input at the client is committed back to the server when it represents a permanent change.
Three-tier: architectures that move the client intelligence to a middle tier so that stateless clients can be used.
n-tier: architectures that refer typically to web applications which further forward their requests to other enterprise services.
This type of application is the one most responsible for the success of application servers.
Peer-to-peer: architectures where there are no special machines that provide a service or manage the network resources.
Instead all responsibilities are uniformly divided among all machines, known as peers.
Peers can serve both as clients and as servers.
Examples of this architecture include BitTorrent and the bitcoin network.
Another basic aspect of distributed computing architecture is the method of communicating and coordinating work among concurrent processes.
Through various message passing protocols, processes may communicate directly with one another, typically in a main/sub relationship.
Alternatively, a "database-centric" architecture can enable distributed computing to be done without any form of direct inter-process communication, by utilizing a shared database.
Database-centric architecture in particular provides relational processing analytics in a schematic architecture allowing for live environment relay.
This enables distributed computing functions both within and beyond the parameters of a networked database.
=== Cell-Based Architecture === Cell-based architecture is a distributed computing approach in which computational resources are organized into self-contained units called cells.
Each cell operates independently, processing requests while maintaining scalability, fault isolation, and availability.
A cell typically consists of multiple services or application components and functions as an autonomous unit.
Some implementations replicate entire sets of services across multiple cells, while others partition workloads between cells.
In replicated models, requests may be rerouted to an operational cell if another experiences a failure.
This design is intended to enhance system resilience by reducing the impact of localized failures.
Some implementations employ circuit breakers within and between cells.
Within a cell, circuit breakers may be used to prevent cascading failures among services, while inter-cell circuit breakers can isolate failing cells and redirect traffic to those that remain operational.
Cell-based architecture has been adopted in some large-scale distributed systems, particularly in cloud-native and high-availability environments, where fault isolation and redundancy are key design considerations.
Its implementation varies depending on system requirements, infrastructure constraints, and operational objectives.
== Applications == Reasons for using distributed systems and distributed computing may include:  The very nature of an application may require the use of a communication network that connects several computers: for example, data produced in one physical location and required in another location.
There are many cases in which the use of a single computer would be possible in principle, but the use of a distributed system is beneficial for practical reasons.
For example: It can allow for much larger storage and memory, faster compute, and higher bandwidth than a single machine.
It can provide more reliability than a non-distributed system, as there is no single point of failure.
Moreover, a distributed system may be easier to expand and manage than a monolithic uniprocessor system.
It may be more cost-efficient to obtain the desired level of performance by using a cluster of several low-end computers, in comparison with a single high-end computer.
== Examples == Examples of distributed systems and applications of distributed computing include the following:  telecommunications networks: telephone networks and cellular networks, computer networks such as the Internet, wireless sensor networks, routing algorithms; network applications: World Wide Web and peer-to-peer networks, massively multiplayer online games and virtual reality communities, distributed databases and distributed database management systems, network file systems, distributed cache such as burst buffers, distributed information processing systems such as banking systems and airline reservation systems; real-time process control: aircraft control systems, industrial control systems; parallel computation: scientific computing, including cluster computing, grid computing, cloud computing, and various volunteer computing projects, distributed rendering in computer graphics.
peer-to-peer   == Reactive distributed systems == According to Reactive Manifesto, reactive distributed systems are responsive, resilient, elastic and message-driven.
Subsequently, Reactive systems are more flexible, loosely-coupled and scalable.
To make your systems reactive, you are advised to implement Reactive Principles.
Reactive Principles are a set of principles and patterns which help to make your cloud native application as well as edge native applications more reactive.
== Theoretical foundations ==   === Models === Many tasks that we would like to automate by using a computer are of question–answer type: we would like to ask a question and the computer should produce an answer.
In theoretical computer science, such tasks are called computational problems.
Formally, a computational problem consists of instances together with a solution for each instance.
Instances are questions that we can ask, and solutions are desired answers to these questions.
Theoretical computer science seeks to understand which computational problems can be solved by using a computer (computability theory) and how efficiently (computational complexity theory).
Traditionally, it is said that a problem can be solved by using a computer if we can design an algorithm that produces a correct solution for any given instance.
Such an algorithm can be implemented as a computer program that runs on a general-purpose computer: the program reads a problem instance from input, performs some computation, and produces the solution as output.
Formalisms such as random-access machines or universal Turing machines can be used as abstract models of a sequential general-purpose computer executing such an algorithm.
The field of concurrent and distributed computing studies similar questions in the case of either multiple computers, or a computer that executes a network of interacting processes: which computational problems can be solved in such a network and how efficiently?
However, it is not at all obvious what is meant by "solving a problem" in the case of a concurrent or distributed system: for example, what is the task of the algorithm designer, and what is the concurrent or distributed equivalent of a sequential general-purpose computer?
The discussion below focuses on the case of multiple computers, although many of the issues are the same for concurrent processes running on a single computer.
Three viewpoints are commonly used:  Parallel algorithms in shared-memory model All processors have access to a shared memory.
The algorithm designer chooses the program executed by each processor.
One theoretical model is the parallel random-access machines (PRAM) that are used.
However, the classical PRAM model assumes synchronous access to the shared memory.
Shared-memory programs can be extended to distributed systems if the underlying operating system encapsulates the communication between nodes and virtually unifies the memory across all individual systems.
A model that is closer to the behavior of real-world multiprocessor machines and takes into account the use of machine instructions, such as Compare-and-swap (CAS), is that of asynchronous shared memory.
There is a wide body of work on this model, a summary of which can be found in the literature.
Parallel algorithms in message-passing model The algorithm designer chooses the structure of the network, as well as the program executed by each computer.
Models such as Boolean circuits and sorting networks are used.
A Boolean circuit can be seen as a computer network: each gate is a computer that runs an extremely simple computer program.
Similarly, a sorting network can be seen as a computer network: each comparator is a computer.
Distributed algorithms in message-passing model The algorithm designer only chooses the computer program.
The system must work correctly regardless of the structure of the network.
A commonly used model is a graph with one finite-state machine per node.
In the case of distributed algorithms, computational problems are typically related to graphs.
Often the graph that describes the structure of the computer network is the problem instance.
This is illustrated in the following example.
=== An example === Consider the computational problem of finding a coloring of a given graph G.
Different fields might take the following approaches:  Centralized algorithms The graph G is encoded as a string, and the string is given as input to a computer.
The computer program finds a coloring of the graph, encodes the coloring as a string, and outputs the result.
Parallel algorithms Again, the graph G is encoded as a string.
However, multiple computers can access the same string in parallel.
Each computer might focus on one part of the graph and produce a coloring for that part.
The main focus is on high-performance computation that exploits the processing power of multiple computers in parallel.
Distributed algorithms The graph G is the structure of the computer network.
There is one computer for each node of G and one communication link for each edge of G.
Initially, each computer only knows about its immediate neighbors in the graph G; the computers must exchange messages with each other to discover more about the structure of G.
Each computer must produce its own color as output.
The main focus is on coordinating the operation of an arbitrary distributed system.
While the field of parallel algorithms has a different focus than the field of distributed algorithms, there is much interaction between the two fields.
For example, the Cole–Vishkin algorithm for graph coloring was originally presented as a parallel algorithm, but the same technique can also be used directly as a distributed algorithm.
Moreover, a parallel algorithm can be implemented either in a parallel system (using shared memory) or in a distributed system (using message passing).
The traditional boundary between parallel and distributed algorithms (choose a suitable network vs.
run in any given network) does not lie in the same place as the boundary between parallel and distributed systems (shared memory vs.
=== Complexity measures === In parallel algorithms, yet another resource in addition to time and space is the number of computers.
Indeed, often there is a trade-off between the running time and the number of computers: the problem can be solved faster if there are more computers running in parallel (see speedup).
If a decision problem can be solved in polylogarithmic time by using a polynomial number of processors, then the problem is said to be in the class NC.
The class NC can be defined equally well by using the PRAM formalism or Boolean circuits—PRAM machines can simulate Boolean circuits efficiently and vice versa.
In the analysis of distributed algorithms, more attention is usually paid on communication operations than computational steps.
Perhaps the simplest model of distributed computing is a synchronous system where all nodes operate in a lockstep fashion.
This model is commonly known as the LOCAL model.
During each communication round, all nodes in parallel (1) receive the latest messages from their neighbours, (2) perform arbitrary local computation, and (3) send new messages to their neighbors.
In such systems, a central complexity measure is the number of synchronous communication rounds required to complete the task.
This complexity measure is closely related to the diameter of the network.
On the one hand, any computable problem can be solved trivially in a synchronous distributed system in approximately 2D communication rounds: simply gather all information in one location (D rounds), solve the problem, and inform each node about the solution (D rounds).
On the other hand, if the running time of the algorithm is much smaller than D communication rounds, then the nodes in the network must produce their output without having the possibility to obtain information about distant parts of the network.
In other words, the nodes must make globally consistent decisions based on information that is available in their local D-neighbourhood.
Many distributed algorithms are known with the running time much smaller than D rounds, and understanding which problems can be solved by such algorithms is one of the central research questions of the field.
Typically an algorithm which solves a problem in polylogarithmic time in the network size is considered efficient in this model.
Another commonly used measure is the total number of bits transmitted in the network (cf.
The features of this concept are typically captured with the CONGEST(B) model, which is similarly defined as the LOCAL model, but where single messages can only contain B bits.
=== Other problems === Traditional computational problems take the perspective that the user asks a question, a computer (or a distributed system) processes the question, then produces an answer and stops.
However, there are also problems where the system is required not to stop, including the dining philosophers problem and other similar mutual exclusion problems.
In these problems, the distributed system is supposed to continuously coordinate the use of shared resources so that no conflicts or deadlocks occur.
There are also fundamental challenges that are unique to distributed computing, for example those related to fault-tolerance.
Examples of related problems include consensus problems, Byzantine fault tolerance, and self-stabilisation.
Much research is also focused on understanding the asynchronous nature of distributed systems:  Synchronizers can be used to run synchronous algorithms in asynchronous systems.
Logical clocks provide a causal happened-before ordering of events.
Clock synchronization algorithms provide globally consistent physical time stamps.
Note that in distributed systems, latency should be measured through "99th percentile" because "median" and "average" can be misleading.
=== Election === Coordinator election (or leader election) is the process of designating a single process as the organizer of some task distributed among several computers (nodes).
Before the task is begun, all network nodes are either unaware which node will serve as the "coordinator" (or leader) of the task, or unable to communicate with the current coordinator.
After a coordinator election algorithm has been run, however, each node throughout the network recognizes a particular, unique node as the task coordinator.
The network nodes communicate among themselves in order to decide which of them will get into the "coordinator" state.
For that, they need some method in order to break the symmetry among them.
For example, if each node has unique and comparable identities, then the nodes can compare their identities, and decide that the node with the highest identity is the coordinator.
The definition of this problem is often attributed to LeLann, who formalized it as a method to create a new token in a token ring network in which the token has been lost.
Coordinator election algorithms are designed to be economical in terms of total bytes transmitted, and time.
The algorithm suggested by Gallager, Humblet, and Spira for general undirected graphs has had a strong impact on the design of distributed algorithms in general, and won the Dijkstra Prize for an influential paper in distributed computing.
Many other algorithms were suggested for different kinds of network graphs, such as undirected rings, unidirectional rings, complete graphs, grids, directed Euler graphs, and others.
A general method that decouples the issue of the graph family from the design of the coordinator election algorithm was suggested by Korach, Kutten, and Moran.
In order to perform coordination, distributed systems employ the concept of coordinators.
The coordinator election problem is to choose a process from among a group of processes on different processors in a distributed system to act as the central coordinator.
Several central coordinator election algorithms exist.
=== Properties of distributed systems === So far the focus has been on designing a distributed system that solves a given problem.
A complementary research problem is studying the properties of a given distributed system.
The halting problem is an analogous example from the field of centralised computation: we are given a computer program and the task is to decide whether it halts or runs forever.
The halting problem is undecidable in the general case, and naturally understanding the behaviour of a computer network is at least as hard as understanding the behaviour of one computer.
However, there are many interesting special cases that are decidable.
In particular, it is possible to reason about the behaviour of a network of finite-state machines.
One example is telling whether a given network of interacting (asynchronous and non-deterministic) finite-state machines can reach a deadlock.
This problem is PSPACE-complete, i.e., it is decidable, but not likely that there is an efficient (centralised, parallel or distributed) algorithm that solves the problem in the case of large networks.
=== Other Topics === Linearizability   == See also ==   == Notes ==   == References ==     == Further reading ==   == External links ==   Media related to Distributed computing at Wikimedia Commons
Tbilisi (  tə-bil-EE-see, tə-BIL-iss-ee; Georgian: თბილისი, pronounced [ˈtʰbilisi] ), in some languages still known by its pre-1936 name Tiflis (  TIF-liss; Georgian: ტფილისი, romanized: t'pilisi [tʼpʰilisi]) is the capital and largest city of Georgia, located on the banks of the Kura River.
With more than 1.3 million inhabitants, it contains almost one third of the country's population.
Tbilisi was founded in the fifth century AD by Vakhtang I of Iberia and has since served as the capital of various Georgian kingdoms and republics.
Between 1801 and 1917, then part of the Russian Empire, it was the seat of the Caucasus Viceroyalty, governing both the northern and the southern sides of the Caucasus.
Because of its location at the crossroads between Europe and Asia, and its proximity to the lucrative Silk Road, throughout history, Tbilisi has been a point of contention among various global powers.
To this day, the city's location ensures its position as an important transit route for energy and trade projects.
Tbilisi's history is reflected in its architecture, which is a mix of medieval, neoclassical, Beaux Arts, Art Nouveau, Stalinist, and Modern structures.
Historically, Tbilisi has been home to people of diverse cultural, ethnic, and religious backgrounds, though its population is overwhelmingly Eastern Orthodox Christian.
Notable tourist destinations include cathedrals Sameba and Sioni, Freedom Square, Rustaveli Avenue and Aghmashenebeli Avenue, medieval Narikala Fortress, the pseudo-Moorish Opera Theater, and the Georgian National Museum.
The climate in Tbilisi mostly ranges from 20 to 32 °C (68 to 90 °F) in summer and −1 to 7 °C (30 to 45 °F) in winter.
== Names and etymology ==  The name "Tbilisi" derives from Old Georgian Tbilisi (Asomtavruli: ႧႡႨႪႨႱႨ, Mkhedruli: თბილისი), and further from tpili (Modern Georgian: თბილი, warm, itself from Old Georgian: ႲႴႨႪႨ ṭpili).
The name Tbilisi (the place of warmth) was therefore given to the city because of the area's numerous sulfuric hot springs.
Until 1936, the name of the city in English and most other languages followed the Persian pronunciation Tiflis, while the Georgian name was ტფილისი (Ṭpilisi).
On 17 August 1936, by order of the Soviet leadership, the official Russian names of various cities were changed to more closely match the local language.
In addition, the Georgian-language form Ṭpilisi was modernized on the basis of a proposal by Georgian linguists; the ancient Georgian component ტფილი (ṭpili, 'warm') was replaced by the newer თბილი (tbili).
That form was the basis for the new official Russian name (Тбилиси Tbilisi).
Most other languages have subsequently adopted the new name form, but some languages, such as Turkish, Persian, Greek, Spanish, and German, have retained a variation of Tiflis.
Some of the traditional names of Tbilisi in other languages of the region have different roots.
The Ossetian name Калак (Kalak) derives from the Georgian word ქალაქი (kalaki) meaning simply city.
Chechen and Ingush names for the city use a form similar to or the same as their names for the country of Georgia (Гуьржех Gürƶex) as does the historical Kabardian name (Курджы Kwrdžə), while Abkhaz Қарҭ (Ķarţ) is from the Mingrelian ქართი (Karti).
== History ==   === Early history === Archaeologists discovered evidence of continuous habitation of the Tbilisi suburb of Dighomi since the early Bronze Age, and stone artifacts dating to the Paleolithic age.
During the late Bronze Age to early Iron Age, it was the largest settlement in the Caucasus.
According to legend, the present-day territory of Tbilisi was covered by forests as late as 458.
One widely accepted variant of the Tbilisi foundation myth states that King Vakhtang I of Iberia (r.
447/49 – 502/22) went hunting in the heavily wooded region with a falcon (sometimes the falcon is replaced with either a hawk or other small birds of prey in the legend).
The king's falcon allegedly caught or injured a pheasant during the hunt, after which both birds fell into a nearby hot spring and died from burns.
King Vakhtang became so impressed with the hot springs that he decided to clear the forest and build a city on the location.
522–534), the successor of Vakhtang I, moved the capital of Iberia from Mtskheta to Tbilisi and began construction of the fortress wall that lined the city's new boundaries.
From the sixth century, Tbilisi grew at a steady pace due to the region's strategic location along with important trade and travel routes between Europe and Asia.
=== Foreign domination ===  Tbilisi's favorable trade location, however, did not necessarily bode well for its survival.
Located strategically in the heart of the Caucasus between Europe and Asia, Tbilisi became an object of rivalry among the region's various powers such as the Roman Empire, Parthia, Sassanid Persia, Muslim Arabs, the Byzantine Empire, and the Seljuk Turks.
The cultural development of the city was somewhat dependent on who ruled the city at various times, although Tbilisi was fairly cosmopolitan.
From 570 to 580, the Persians ruled the city until 627, when Tbilisi was sacked by the Byzantine/Khazar armies and later, in 736–738, Arab armies entered the town under Marwan II.
After this point, the Arabs established an emirate centered in Tbilisi.
Arabic dirhams were brought to Georgia following the Arab conquest in the seventh century, and a mint was founded in Tbilisi that produced coins with inscriptions in both Arabic and Georgian.
In 764, Tbilisi – still under Arab control – was once again sacked by the Khazars.
In 853, the armies of Arab leader Bugha Al-Turki invaded Tbilisi in order to enforce its return to Abbasid allegiance.
The Arab domination of Tbilisi continued until about 1050.
In 1065, the Seljuk Sultan Alp Arslan campaigned against the Kingdom of Georgia, subjugated Tbilisi, and built a mosque in the city.
=== Capital of Georgia === In 1121, after the Battle of Didgori against the Seljuks, the troops of King David IV of Georgia besieged Tbilisi, taking it in 1122.
David moved his residence from Kutaisi to Tbilisi, making it the capital of a unified Georgian State, thus inaugurating the Georgian Golden Age.
From the 12–13th centuries, Tbilisi became a regional power with a thriving economy and astonishing cultural output.
By the end of the 12th century, the population of Tbilisi had reached 100,000.
The city also became an important literary and cultural center, not only for Georgia, but also for the Eastern Orthodox world of the time.
During Queen Tamar's reign, Shota Rustaveli worked in Tbilisi while writing his legendary epic poem The Knight in the Panther's Skin.
This period is often referred to as "Georgia's Golden Age" or the Georgian Renaissance.
=== Mongol domination and other instability ===  Tbilisi's "Golden Age" did not last for more than a century.
In 1226, Tbilisi was captured by the Khwarezmian Empire under Shah Jalal al-Din, who massacred tens of thousands of Christians.
The Khwarezmian occupation left Tbilisi's defenses severely devastated and prone to further attacks by Mongol armies.
In 1236, after suffering crushing Mongol defeats, Georgia submitted to Mongol domination.
The nation itself maintained a form of "semi-independence" and did not lose its statehood, but Tbilisi would be strongly influenced by the Mongols for the next century, both politically and culturally.
In the 1320s, the Mongols retreated from Georgia, and Tbilisi became the capital of an independent Georgian state, once again.
However, an outbreak of the Black Death struck the city in 1366.
Between the late 14th century and the late 18th century, Tbilisi would again be under the rule of various foreign powers.
On several occasions, the city would even be completely burned and razed to the ground.
On 22 November 1386, Tbilisi was sacked by the armies of Timur.
Timur invaded the Kingdom of Georgia seven more times.
In 1440, the city was invaded and looted by Jahan Shah of the Qara Qoyunlu.
From 1477 to 1478, the city was held by the Aq Qoyunlu tribesmen of Uzun Hassan.
=== Iranian control ===  As early as the 1510s, Tbilisi (and the kingdoms of Kartli and Kakheti) were made vassal territories of Safavid Iran.
In 1522, Tbilisi was garrisoned for the first time by a large Safavid force.
Following the death of king (shah) Ismail I (r.
1501–1524), king David X of Kartli expelled the Iranians.
During this period, many parts of Tbilisi were reconstructed and rebuilt.
The four campaigns of the king Tahmasp I (r.
1524–1576) resulted in the reoccupation of Kartli and Kakheti, and a Safavid force was permanently stationed in Tbilisi from 1551 onwards.
With the 1555 Treaty of Amasya, and more firmly from 1614 to 1747, with brief intermissions, Tbilisi was an important city under Iranian rule, and it functioned as a seat of the Iranian vassal kings of Kartli whom the shah conferred with the title of vali.
In 1718, the Venetian senate implored the Safavid emperor Soltan Hoseyn to protect the Catholic Armenians and Capuchin missionaries in Tbilisi from the Gregorian Armenians.
Under the later rules of Teimuraz II and Heraclius II, Tbilisi became a vibrant political and cultural center free of foreign rule—but, fearful of the constant threat of invasion, Georgia's rulers sought Russian protection in the 1783 Treaty of Georgievsk.
Despite this agreement, the city was captured and devastated in 1795 by the Iranian Qajar ruler Agha Mohammad Khan.
=== Russian control ===  In 1801, the Russian Empire annexed the Georgian Kingdom of Kartli-Kakheti, of which Tbilisi was one of the most significant urban centers.
Within Tsarist Russia, Tbilisi (known then as Tiflis) was included within the Tiflis Uyezd county in 1801, part of what was initially the Georgia Governorate.
Following the establishment of the Tiflis Governorate (Gubernia) in 1846, Tbilisi became its capital.
Russian Imperial administrators implemented a new Western-style city plan and commissioned new buildings and infrastructure, including roads and railroads connecting Tbilisi to other important cities in the Russian Empire, such as Batumi and Poti.
By the 1850s, Tbilisi once again emerged as a major trade and cultural center, with many foreign, including Western European, entrepreneurs operating.
The likes of Ilia Chavchavadze, Akaki Tsereteli, Mirza Fatali Akhundzade, Iakob Gogebashvili, Alexander Griboyedov and many other statesmen, poets and artists all found their home in Tbilisi.
The city was visited on numerous occasions by and was the object of affection of Alexander Pushkin, Leo Tolstoy, Mikhail Lermontov, the Romanov family and others.
The main new artery built under Russian administration was Golovin Avenue (present-day Rustaveli Avenue), on which the Viceroys of the Caucasus established their residence.
For much of the early 19th century, Tbilisi's largest ethnic group was Armenian, at some point forming 74.3% of the population.
=== Brief independence === After the Russian Revolution of 1917, the city served as a location of the Transcaucasus interim government which established, in the spring of 1918, the short-lived independent Transcaucasian Federation with the capital in Tbilisi.
At this time, Tbilisi had roughly the same number of Armenians as Georgians, with Russians being the third largest ethnic group.
It was in the former Viceroy of the Caucasus's palace where the independence of three Transcaucasus nations – Georgia, Armenia and Azerbaijan – was declared by their respective national councils on 26 to 28 May 1918.
After this, Tbilisi functioned as the capital of the Democratic Republic of Georgia until 25 February 1921.
From 1918 to 1919, the city also consecutively served as the headquarters of the country's German garrison and later the British 27th Division; Tbilisi was also the main office of the British Chief Commissioner in Transcaucasia, Oliver Wardrop and the High Commissioner to Armenia, Colonel William N.
Under the national government, Tbilisi turned into the first Caucasian University City after the Tbilisi State University was founded in 1918.
On 25 February 1921, the Bolshevist Russian 11th Red Army invaded Tbilisi and after bitter fighting at the outskirts of the city, declared Soviet rule.
=== Soviet rule ===  In 1921, the Democratic Republic of Georgia was occupied by the Soviet Bolshevik forces from Russia, and until 1936, Tbilisi functioned first as the capital city of the Transcaucasian SFSR (which included Armenia, Azerbaijan, and Georgia), and afterward until 1991 as the capital of the Georgian Soviet Socialist Republic.
During Soviet rule, Tbilisi's population grew significantly, the city became more industrialized, and it also came to be an important political, social, and cultural centre of the Soviet Union.
In 1980, the city hosted the first state-sanctioned rock festival in the USSR.
As a major tourist destination for both Soviet citizens and foreign visitors, Tbilisi's "Old Town" (the neighborhoods within the original city walls) was reconstructed in the 1970s and 1980s.
Tbilisi witnessed mass anti-Russian demonstrations during 1956 in the 9 March Massacre, in protest against the anti-Stalin policies of Nikita Khrushchev.
Peaceful protests occurred in 1978, and in 1989 the April 9 tragedy was a peaceful protest that turned violent.
=== Post-independence === Since the break-up of the Soviet Union, Tbilisi has experienced periods of significant instability and turmoil.
After a brief civil war, which the city endured for two weeks from December 1991 to January 1992 (when pro-Gamsakhurdia and Opposition forces clashed), Tbilisi became the scene of frequent armed confrontations among various mafia clans and illegal business operators.
During the Shevardnadze Era (1992–2003), crime and corruption were rampant.
Many segments of society became impoverished because of unemployment caused by the crumbling economy.
Average citizens of Tbilisi started to become increasingly disillusioned with the existing quality of life in the city (and in the nation in general).
Mass protests took place in November 2003 after falsified parliamentary elections forced more than 100,000 people into the streets and concluded with the Rose Revolution.
Since 2003, Tbilisi has experienced considerably more stability with decreasing crime rates, an improved economy, and a real estate boom.
During the 2008 South Ossetia war, the Tbilisi area was hit by multiple Russian air attacks.
After the war, several large-scale projects were started, including a streetcar system, a railway bypass and a relocation of the central station, and new urban highways.
In June 2015, a flood killed at least twenty people and caused animals from the city's zoo to be released into the streets.
== Politics and administration ==  The status of Tbilisi, as the nation's capital, is defined by Article 10 of the Constitution of Georgia (1995) and the Law on Georgia's Capital – Tbilisi (20 February 1998).
Tbilisi is governed by the Tbilisi City Assembly (Sakrebulo) and the Tbilisi City Hall (Meria).
The City Assembly and mayor are elected once every four years by direct elections.
The Mayor of Tbilisi is Kakha Kaladze and the Chairman of the Tbilisi city Assembly is Giorgi Alibegashvili.
Administratively, the city is divided into raions (districts), which have their own units of central and local government with jurisdiction over a limited scope of affairs.
This subdivision was established under Soviet rule in the 1930s, following the general subdivision of the Soviet Union.
After Georgia regained independence, the raion system was modified and reshuffled.
According to the latest revision, Tbilisi raions include:  Mtatsminda District, including neighborhoods: Mtatsminda, Sololaki, Vera, Kiketi, Kojori, Shindisi, Tsavkisi, Tabakhmela, Okrokana Vake District, including neighborhoods: Vake, Bagebi, Upper Saburtalo, Nutsubidze Plateau, Tskneti Saburtalo District, including neighborhoods: Lower Saburtalo, Vedzisi, Vashlijvari, Didi Dighomi, Patara Dighomi, Zurgovana Krtsanisi District, including neighborhoods: Abanotubani, Kala, Ortachala, Ponichala Isani District, including neighborhoods: Avlabari, Isani, Navtlughi, Metromsheni, Vazisubani Samgori District, including neighborhoods: Varketili, Orkhevi, Dampalo, Lilo, Lower Samgori, Africa Chughureti District, including neighborhoods: Chughureti, Ivertubani, Kukia, Svanetisubani Didube District, including neighborhoods: Didube, Dighomi Massive Nadzaladevi District, including neighborhoods: Nadzaladevi, Sanzona, Temka, Lotkini Gldani District, including neighborhoods: Gldani, Avchala, Mukhiani, Gldanula  Most of the raions are named after historic quarters of the city.
The citizens of Tbilisi widely recognize an informal system of smaller historic neighborhoods.
Such neighborhoods are several, however, constituting a kind of hierarchy, because most of them have lost their distinctive topographic limits.
The natural first level of subdivision of the city is into the right and left banks of the Mtkvari river.
The names of the oldest neighborhoods go back to the early Middle Ages and sometimes pose a great linguistic interest.
The newest whole-built developments bear chiefly residential marketing names.
In 19th-century Tbilisi, the Georgian quarter was confined to the southeastern part of the city; Baedeker describes the layout succinctly:  In the north part of the town, on the left bank of the Kurá and to the south of the railway station, stretches the clean German Quarter, formerly occupied by German immigrants from Württemberg (1818).
To the south is the Gruzinian or Georgian Quarter (Avlabár).
On the right bank of the Kurá is the Russian Quarter, the seat of the officials and of the larger business firms.
This is adjoined on the south by the Armenian and Persian Bazaars.
== Geography ==   === Location === Tbilisi is located in the South Caucasus at 41° 43' North and 44° 47' East.
The city lies in Eastern Georgia on both banks of the Kura River (locally known as Mtkvari).
The elevation of the city ranges from 380–770 metres above sea level (1,250–2,530 ft) and has the shape of an amphitheatre surrounded by mountains on three sides.
To the north, Tbilisi is bounded by the Saguramo Range, to the east and south-east by the Iori Plain, to the south and west by various endings (subranges) of the Trialeti Range.
The part of the city which lies on the left bank of the Kura River extends for more than 30 km (19 mi) from the Avchala District to River Lochini.
The part of the city which lies on the right side of the river, though, is built along the foothills of the Trialeti Range, the slopes of which in many cases descend all the way to the edges of the river.
The mountains, therefore, are a significant barrier to urban development on its right bank.
This type of a geographic environment creates pockets of very densely developed areas, while other parts of the city are left undeveloped due to the complex topographic relief.
To the north of the city, a large reservoir (commonly known as the Tbilisi Sea) is fed by irrigation canals.
=== Climate ===  Tbilisi has a humid temperate climate (Köppen: Cfa, Trewartha: Do) with considerable continental and semi-arid influences.
The city experiences hot, humid summers and moderately cold dry winters.
Like other regions of Georgia, Tbilisi receives significant rainfall throughout the year with no distinct dry period.
The city's climate is influenced both by dry (Central Asian/Siberian) air masses from the east and oceanic (Atlantic/Black Sea) air masses from the west.
Because the city is bounded on most sides by mountain ranges, the close proximity to large bodies of water (Black and Caspian Seas) and the fact that the Greater Caucasus Mountains Range (further to the north) blocks the intrusion of cold air masses from Russia, Tbilisi has a relatively mild microclimate compared to other cities that possess a similar climate along the same latitudes.
The average annual temperature in Tbilisi is 13.8 °C (56.8 °F).
January is the coldest month with an average temperature of 2.7 °C (36.9 °F).
July is the hottest month with an average temperature of 25.4 °C (77.7 °F).
Daytime high temperatures reach or exceed 32 °C (90 °F) on an average of 22 days during a typical year.
The absolute minimum recorded temperature is −24.4 °C (−11.9 °F) in January 1883 and the absolute maximum is 42.0 °C (107.6 °F) on 17 July 1882.
Average annual precipitation is 511.5 mm (20.1 in).
May is the wettest month (averaging 84.0 mm (3.3 in) of precipitation) while January is the driest (averaging 16.4 mm (0.6 in) of precipitation).
Snow falls on average 15–25 days per year.
The surrounding mountains often trap the clouds within and around the city, mainly during the Spring and Autumn months, resulting in prolonged rainy and/or cloudy weather.
Northwesterly winds dominate in most parts of Tbilisi throughout the year.
== Demographics ==  As a multiethnic city, Tbilisi is home to more than 100 ethnic groups.
Around 90% of the population consists of ethnic Georgians, with significant populations of Armenians, Russians, and Azerbaijanis.
Along with the above-mentioned groups, Tbilisi is home to other ethnic groups including Ossetians, Abkhazians, Ukrainians, Greeks, Jews, Assyrians, Yazidis, and others.
=== Religion ===  More than 95% of the residents of Tbilisi practise some form of Christianity, the majority being followers of the Georgian Orthodox Church.
The Russian Orthodox Church and the Armenian Apostolic Church also have significant communities in the city.
About 1.5% of the population identifies as Muslim, primarily of the Shia branch, while approximately 0.1% practise Judaism.
The city is also home to a Roman Catholic community and a Yazidi minority, who worship at the Sultan Ezid Temple.
== Sports ==  The largest stadium is the Dinamo Arena (capacity 55,000), followed by the Mikheil Meskhi Stadium (capacity 24,680).
The Sports Palace hosts basketball games and tennis tournaments, with a seating capacity of about 11,000.
Vere Basketball Hall is a smaller indoor sports arena seating 2,500.
Football is the most popular sport in Tbilisi, followed by rugby union and basketball.
Other popular sports include wrestling, tennis, swimming, and water polo.
Tbilisi has several professional football and rugby teams, as well as wrestling clubs.
National Basketball Association players, Zaza Pachulia and Nikoloz Tskitishvili, are Tbilisi natives.
Tbilisi's signature football club, Dinamo Tbilisi, won the 1980–81 European Cup Winners' Cup, becoming the easternmost team to win a major European football tournament.
The basketball club Dinamo Tbilisi also won the 1962 EuroLeague title.
Tbilisi co-hosted Group A matches of the EuroBasket 2022 tournament at the new 10,000-seat Tbilisi Arena, along with Czech Republic (Prague), Germany (Berlin, Cologne), and Italy (Milan).
== Media == The majority of Georgia's media companies (including television, newspapers, and radio) are headquartered in Tbilisi.
The city is home to major television channels such as Rustavi 2, Imedi, TV Pirveli, Mtavari Arkhi, Formula, Maestro, and the Public Broadcasting Channel, among others.
Since 2019, Tbilisi's television market has undergone notable changes, particularly following ownership changes at Rustavi 2, which led to the creation of new television channels like Mtavari Arkhi and TV Formula.
Tbilisi has numerous newspaper publishing houses.
Prominent newspapers include the daily 24 Saati ("24 Hours"), Rezonansi ("Resonance"), Alia, the English-language daily The Messenger, weekly publications like FINANCIAL, Georgia Today, and The Georgian Times.
== Culture ==   === Architecture === The architecture of Tbilisi is a blend of Georgian, Byzantine, Neoclassical, Art Nouveau, Beaux-Arts, Middle Eastern, and Soviet modern influences.
Few buildings survived the 1795 destruction of the city, so most historic structures date to the Russian Imperial period (1801–1917).
Tbilisi's old quarters (Kala, Abanotubani, Avlabari) were largely rebuilt following their medieval street plans.
Downtown areas developed by Russian authorities, like Sololaki, Rustaveli Avenue, and Vera, show a European-style layout with Beaux-Arts, Orientalist, and revivalist architecture.
Tbilisi is particularly noted for its Art Nouveau buildings, especially in Sololaki and Chughureti, which flourished from the 1890s until the early Soviet era.
Stalinist architecture, such as the 1938 Marx-Engels-Lenin Institute building (now the Biltmore Hotel Tbilisi), also left a mark on the city's landscape.
Post-World War II architecture introduced mass housing blocks in neighbourhoods like Saburtalo and Dighomi.
Notable Soviet-era landmarks include the 1975 Ministry of Roads building and the 1984 Wedding Palace.
Since independence, Tbilisi has experienced both rapid skyscraper development (e.g., Axis Towers, Holiday Inn Tbilisi, King David Residences) and challenges with unregulated construction.
=== Art museums and galleries === Tbilisi is home to several important museums and art spaces:  The Georgian National Museum network, including the Art Museum of Georgia.
The Museum of Modern Art Tbilisi, opened in 2012.
Other cultural institutions include the Giorgi Leonidze State Museum of Literature and the Writer's House of Georgia.
=== Performing arts === Tbilisi hosts major cultural institutions such as:  Tbilisi State Conservatoire Tbilisi Opera and Ballet Theatre Shota Rustaveli State Academic Theatre Marjanishvili State Academic Theatre Rezo Gabriadze Marionette Theater Royal District Theatre   ==== Film Festival ==== The Tbilisi International Film Festival (TIFF) is organized annually by the Cinema Art Center Prometheus.
It began in 2000 as part of a larger "Gift" festival, then became an independent event in 2002.
The main venue is located at 164 Agmashenebeli Avenue.
=== World Book Capital === Tbilisi was designated as World Book Capital for 2021 by UNESCO, recognizing the city's efforts to promote books and reading.
== Tourism ==  Georgia's rising popularity as a travel destination has positioned Tbilisi as a major regional tourism hub.
In 2019, the country welcomed over 9 million international visitors, significantly boosting Tbilisi's hospitality and service sectors.
=== Main sights === Notable landmarks and attractions include:  Narikala fortress (4th–17th century) Anchiskhati Basilica (6th century) Sioni Cathedral (8th century) Church of Metekhi Sameba Cathedral (Holy Trinity Cathedral of Tbilisi) Bridge of Peace Abanotubani sulfur baths Open Air Museum of Ethnography Tbilisi Old Town Parliament of Georgia Supreme Court of Georgia National Bank of Georgia Tbilisi Circus During Soviet times, Tbilisi was ranked among the top cities for the number of museums within the USSR.
=== Nightlife === Tbilisi has developed a thriving and internationally recognized nightlife scene since the 2010s.
Notable clubs include:  Bassiani Mtkvarze Khidi Café Gallery These venues attract world-renowned DJs and have helped position Tbilisi on the global electronic music map.
The city also hosts a growing underground queer nightlife scene, gaining international media attention.
== Economy ==  With a nominal GDP of 32 billion Georgian lari (€10 billion) as of 2022, Tbilisi is Georgia's economic powerhouse, generating more than half of the country's total GDP.
Its GDP per capita is 26,769 lari (€8,700), exceeding the national average by more than 50 percent.
The economy of Tbilisi is dominated by the service sector, particularly:  Wholesale and retail trade Transport and logistics Financial services Hospitality and real estate Reflecting its position as a regional hub, the city hosts the headquarters of most Georgian banks, major companies, and international organizations operating in the South Caucasus region.
The unemployment rate in Tbilisi stands at 22.5%, which is significantly higher than the national average.
== Transport ==  Tbilisi's public transport system is managed by the Transport and Urban Development Agency.
After years of prioritizing private vehicles, the city has invested heavily in developing a green, accessible, and extensive public transit network since the 2010s.
Today, the city is served by an international airport, metro, national rail, municipal buses, minibuses, cabs, aerial tramways, bike lanes, and a funicular railway.
=== Airport ===  Shota Rustaveli Tbilisi International Airport is the city's only international airport, located about 18 kilometres (11 miles) southeast of the city centre.
Handling nearly 3 million passengers in 2022, it is the busiest airport in Georgia and a regional hub.
It is a hub for Georgian Airways and other international carriers, offering direct flights to Europe, the Middle East, and Central Asia.
A secondary domestic airport at Natakhtari Airfield connects Tbilisi with Batumi, Mestia, and Ambrolauri.
=== Metro ===  The Tbilisi Metro operates two lines — the Akhmeteli–Varketili Line and the Saburtalo Line — with 23 stations and around 400,000 daily rides.
Opened in 1966, it was the fourth metro system in the former Soviet Union.
The system is known for its depth and ornate station designs.
The metro is undergoing major upgrades, including full station renovations, better accessibility for people with disabilities, and new rolling stock acquisitions.
A third overground metro line connecting central Tbilisi to Tbilisi International Airport and Rustavi is under planning.
=== Rail === Tbilisi is the main hub of Georgian Railways, with inter-city trains connecting it to Batumi, Zugdidi, Poti, Kutaisi, and other cities from Tbilisi Central Railway Station.
=== Buses and Bus Rapid Transit ===  Tbilisi's bus network forms the backbone of urban transit.
A major reorganisation launched in 2020 introduced Bus Rapid Transit (BRT) corridors (TBT lines 300–310) served by articulated 18-metre-long buses, alongside more than 200 other city and local routes.
New environmentally friendly buses — including MAN Lion's City CNG and ISUZU models — have replaced the ageing fleet since 2017.
=== Cycling === Cycling is gaining popularity, supported by a growing network of bike lanes.
During the COVID-19 pandemic, temporary cycle lanes were introduced, increasing the city's cycling network to over 20 km.
The long-term plan aims to expand it to 350 km.
=== Trams ===  Tbilisi had an electric tram network from 1904 until 2006, when it was dismantled.
Projects to reintroduce modern trams have been proposed but remain unrealized.
=== Minibuses === Private minibuses (marshrutka) continue to supplement the bus network, although their share is gradually decreasing following municipal reforms.
In 2019, a new tender introduced modern minibuses with stricter safety and comfort standards.
=== Aerial Tramways === Tbilisi operates three gondola lift systems:  **Rike Park to Narikala Fortress** (opened 2012) **Vake Park to Turtle Lake** (reopened 2016) **State University to Bagebi** (reopened 2021) The Soviet-era tram between Rustaveli Avenue and Mtatsminda was dismantled after the tragic 1990 Tbilisi aerial tramway accident, but reconstruction plans are underway.
=== Funicular === The Tbilisi Funicular, originally opened in 1905 and restored in 2012, connects Chonkadze Street to Mtatsminda Park at the highest point of the city.
The line provides access to panoramic views, the Tbilisi TV Broadcasting Tower, and various recreational facilities.
== Education ==  Tbilisi is the principal centre of higher education in Georgia and the Caucasus region.
It hosts many major universities and research institutions, drawing both local and international students.
The largest and oldest university in the Caucasus is Tbilisi State University (TSU), founded on 8 February 1918.
TSU has about 25,000 students and more than 5,000 faculty and staff.
Other prominent public institutions include:  Tbilisi State Medical University, the largest medical university in the Caucasus, established in 1918 as part of TSU and operating independently since 1992.
Georgian Technical University, founded in 1922 as a polytechnic faculty and now the country's leading technical university.
Ilia State University, established in 2006 through the merger of six institutions.
Several private universities are also notable:  The University of Georgia (Tbilisi), the largest private university with around 8,000 students.
Caucasus University, founded in 2004, which evolved from the Caucasus School of Business (established in 1998).
Free University of Tbilisi, established in 2007 through a merger of ESM-Tbilisi and the Tbilisi Institute of Asia and Africa.
Other significant institutions include:  Tbilisi State Conservatory Shota Rustaveli Theatre and Film University Tbilisi State Academy of Arts Caucasus International University Tbilisi Medical Academy Georgian American University International Black Sea University Georgian Institute of Public Affairs Agricultural University of Georgia International School of Economics at TSU (ISET) New Vision University Grigol Robakidze University   == International relations ==   === Twin towns and sister cities === Tbilisi is twinned with:   === Partnerships ===   == See also ==  List of people from Tbilisi List of cities and towns in Georgia (country)   == Notes ==   == References ==   === Bibliography ===   == Further reading == Postcard from the Silk Road – Georgia, TRAVELS – ESPECIALLY FOR "ZNAD WILII", Leonard Drożdżewicz, "Znad Wilii", Viešoji įstaiga "Znad Wilii" kultūros plėtros draugija, ISSN 1392-9712, No.
(in Polish) [2] Tbilisi's largely forgotten and neglected Armenian heritage   == External links ==  Official website of the City of Tbilisi
